    Shining, plastic light...
    That sterile smell, still somehow offensive...
    Where am I?
    Oh. This is back at the ward again.
    I'm not alone this time.
    There are voices all around me.
    My friends from Tohoku. They're all here, laughing, joking with each other. None of them look at me.
    They can see me.
    It's like I'm lying on the ground, looking up at a ceiling that keeps rising away.
    Or maybe it's me that's falling down.
    
    I wake up with a start.
    Above me the whitewashed ceiling of the ward gives way to the dull sandy texture of my Mirako dorm.
    Right now even rubbing my eyes feels like it'd be too much effort.
    TAKERU: "Ah!"
    Only by reflex do I manage to avoid the incoming blow. I sit straight up on the bed.
    Kenta towers above me, fully dressed and brandishing his knuckles.
    TAKERU: "I'm awake, Kenta! I'm awake, so calm down."
    KENTA: "You need to set an alarm."
    TAKERU: "My alarm's set for an hour or now. If we left for school now I'm pretty sure it'd still be locked."
    KENTA: "It's not good to be late."
    TAKERU: "This is going to be a long year."
    I can't be too mad though. He did wake me up from that unnerving dream.
    KENTA: "You're not going back to sleep, are you?"
    TAKERU: "No, no, just give me a minute to get up. You don't need to shepherd me around."
    TAKERU: "And please, for all that's good, don't get me up this early tomorrow."
    I consider myself a morning person, but if this continues, I'm going to cry.
    
    When we pass through the gates of Mirako, it's quite a different scene from yesterday.
    The humidity is gone this early in the morning, replaced by a sort of mountain mist.
    Contrary to my prediction, the school building is indeed unlocked, but hardly anyone is here. Aren't there any morning practices or things like that?
    KENTA: "I'm headed to class. Goodbye."
    TAKERU: "Goodbye? That sounds a little formal."
    KENTA: "Goodbye."
    TAKERU: "Right, see you later Kenta."
    I'm left with a morning to my own in front of the Mirako doors. Not that I have anything in particular on my agenda.
    This time I at least manage to find my way to the right classroom.
    It's completely empty, of course. The lights aren't even on. I have nothing else to do, but sitting alone in an unlit room would just be sad.
    Although, that reminds me... That rundown tearoom and its rundown inhabitant come to mind.
    I'm a little more confident in my ability to keep my sense of direction in that wing of the school now, so I can't think of anything better to do than find that room again.
    It doesn't take long to find that forgotten Eastern-style corridor on the first floor, but to my surprise, this time I find the room I'm looking for right away.
    As the door slides open I cough a bit at the stirred dust.
    TAKERU: "Hello?"
    Well, of course nobody replies. That girl would have to be twice as weird as I thought to not only sit in this room but also show up to school this early.
    I make my way around the table this time, navigating by the filtered light.
    As I throw open the curtains, I'm finally able to get a decent view of the room.
    Bookcases and shelves line one wall, stacked with teacups, chess sets, calligraphy equipment, and books almost as varied as the old library one floor above.
    The low table that tripped me yesterday is positioned in the middle of the room, but wait, seated at it, there's...
    TAKERU: "When did you get here?"
    GIRL: "I've always been here."
    TAKERU: "Well, sorry for barging in I guess, I just figured this place was empty all the time."
    GIRL: "It usually is."
    TAKERU: "You were here yesterday morning too though right?"
    GIRL: "I..."
    GIRL: "Yesterday?"
    What little color there was in her face has now completely vanished.
    TAKERU: "That was you, right?"
    GIRL: "You remembered."
    TAKERU: "It'd be a little hard to forget."
    GIRL: "It's just... You should forget I said that."
    GIRL: "Do you remember my name?"
    TAKERU: "You never gave it."
    GIRL: "It's... Hikari."
    TAKERU: "I'm Takeru."
    HIKARI: "Yes, I already knew that."
    TAKERU: "Well it'd feel weird to not say anything after you introduced yourself."
    HIKARI: "You could say 'nice to meet you.'"
    TAKERU: "Nice to meet you."
    HIKARI: "Now why don't you take a seat?"
    She seems about twice as lively as yesterday. It's like some circuit finally connected and her voice gained a small bit of color from that toneless speech she used before.
    TAKERU: "You're a student here, right?"
    HIKARI: "The uniform didn't tip you off?"
    TAKERU: "Well you didn't seem very concerned about classes yesterday morning."
    HIKARI: "Mirako's a school for very different people. Some of us are afforded different allowances."
    TAKERU: "What's that supposed to mean?"
    HIKARI: "It means you shouldn't trouble yourself whether I'm in class or not."
    TAKERU: "Huh... even the superstar seniors back at Tohoku would get in trouble for skipping like that."
    HIKARI: "I'm a third year student as well, but it's really not related to that."
    TAKERU: "I'm in 3B. You're not my classmate, are you?"
    She laughs. It's a soft murmur, and almost unsettling.
    HIKARI: "Afraid not."
    HIKARI: "I know it's a little taboo to ask, but what brings you to Mirako? You said you were a transfer, right?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah, I transfered in for health reasons, but..."
    HIKARI: "It's alright if you don't want to talk about it."
    I don't know why I'm so self-conscious about my schizophrenia. As long as I take those pills once a day, it's supposed to be a small part of my life.
    But every once in a while I start to see the corners fray.
    That dream this morning for instance. Or those times I'm left alone and my thoughts get wrapped into some tangled mobius.
    Years of polite and impolite society have trained me to not show that weakness. I'm not sure what's normal at Mirako, but in any case, I'm still partially on guard with this Hikari.
    TAKERU: "Sorry."
    HIKARI: "Oh, no, you don't have to apologize. I'm really quite glad you're here, so I didn't mean to offend. I only thought there was some reason..."
    HIKARI: "You should forget I said that."
    She has a funny way of speaking, sometimes flat, sometimes bright.
    Curious as I am, I think it'd be rude to ask her what exactly gives her free reign around here, seeing as how I just dodged that question myself.
    TAKERU: "You're down here often, then?"
    HIKARI: "Mhm. It's a good place, quiet and familiar."
    TAKERU: "Seems a little too dark and dusty for me."
    HIKARI: "It's quite rare to see anyone besides myself down here, though, or even in this wing of the school."
    TAKERU: "I saw one or two students around yesterday morning. Plus that other girl and her club. Mana, I think her name was."
    Hikari raises an eyebrow. It's a funny gesture, and her face twitches into shape as if she'd forgotten how to use it.
    HIKARI: "A friend of yours?"
    TAKERU: "Maybe not. Well, as much as I have any friends around here, really."
    HIKARI: "..."
    I stare back.
    HIKARI: "..."
    TAKERU: "You know her?"
    HIKARI: "No."
    HIKARI: "Really, just forget I said anything."
    TAKERU: "My memory isn't that slippery, you know."
    HIKARI: "Forgetting seems so easy for everyone else..."
    She's staring again, but this time, not at me, more... through me.
    TAKERU: "Sorry I mentioned it."
    HIKARI: "..."
    I swear everyone in this school is impossible to deal with.
    TAKERU: "I should probably be getting to class."
    I'm on my feet and at the door before she shows any signs of registering my words.
    HIKARI: "Wait! You'll be back, right?"
    TAKERU: "Back?"
    While I guess I find Hikari... curious, I'm not sure I'm prepared to deal with her confusing speech in that dreary room on a regular basis, especially not this early.
    TAKERU: "We're in the same year. I'm sure we'll run into each other."
    That doesn't seem to satisfy her.
    HIKARI: "Then have a good day."
    HIKARI: "...do you still remember my name?"
    TAKERU: "Hikari."
    Hikari smirks at her own name.
    HIKARI: "Thanks. See you around then."
    TAKERU: "Yeah."
    
    I retrace my steps from yesterday morning back up the stairs to the modern half of Mirako.
    It's not quite as late as I thought. Students are still wandering outside and the halls are only starting to fill up. That old room must've thrown off my sense of time.
    One unfamiliar face goes by, then another...
    It's not like there are any familiar faces here anyway.
    Well, there are one or two, I guess. I finger Kenta's penny in my pocket and internally roll my eyes. Better than nothing.
    As I take my time traversing the hall, I start to pay more attention to the unfamiliar faces.
    They seem normal to me.
    More normal than I seem to myself, anyway.
    When I first read that pamphlet on Mirako, back in my bed at the ward, I imagined it as being more like the hospital in some ways.
    Back there, everyone was visibly damaged. Sure, sometimes they were like me and could carry on a conversation for a while, assuming the doctors got the balance of meds right that day.
    And you could chat with one or two about a good movie or sports or something for a bit, but then there were always the scars. Or just that look in their eyes.
    And then there were others. The woman across the hall. The night she couldn't stop screaming.
    ...
    Everyone here is fine. Unfamiliar, but fine.
    Then why should one strange student in the old wing throw me off so much? I need to shake it off and start thinking like a normal person again.
    
    I think I've sufficiently recovered from that runin in the old wing to get back to the real world and back to class.
    But as I round the corner, just outside the classroom, there's one familiar face.
    There's no mistaking her this time. Almost as tall as I am, eyes truly turquoise, not just green...
    Meiko.
    And she's right in front of me. No half glances or hesitation today. Almost as if she's on guard, and on guard for me.
    MEIKO: "Takeru! There you are. You didn't say anything yesterday, and it's been so long!"
    TAKERU: "Kotaru Meiko. It really is you. I almost didn't recognize you."
    How could anyone not recognize her, even after five years? It's more like I recognized her but didn't want to believe.
    MEIKO: "How could you not recognize your best friend?"
    TAKERU: "Er, it really has been a long time. It's good to see you."
    MEIKO: "You too. I'm really thrilled."
    Meiko offers a full smile, but I can only meekly grin in return.
    MEIKO: "You'll have to let me show you around Mirako. It's just too wonderful that you're back. I thought the next time I'd see you, it'd be a headline photo in the daily sports section."
    TAKERU: "Er, well..."
    No no no I am not prepared for this.
    TAKERU: "It'd be nice to have someone in class to help me get settled, I guess, if it's not too much trouble."
    MEIKO: "Too much trouble? There's no way I wouldn't help someone out."
    MEIKO: "Don't hesitate to think of me as your friend, even if it has been five years."
    It's not just time that's between us Meiko. Why do you keep pretending that?
    TAKERU: "Right, well... You'll have to let me know what you've been up to in the meantime."
    Something in the corner of Meiko's eye looks off-character, just for a moment.
    MEIKO: "Of course. And you too! We'll have to sit and have a long chat some time, but for now I've got to get my notes together for this morning."
    Notes?
    MEIKO: "Don't hesitate to ask if you need anything, anything at all."
    
    I find my desk.
    I thought it'd be around a hundred years before I saw her again. Instead, it's only been five.
    In all those five years, I think I've thought of her maybe twice. Maybe? More than that, at the beginning.
    It's all very foggy.
    Were we best friends? Maybe. Although to me now she seems unforgettable, five years ago, I was in a very different place.
    To my confusion (and slight relief) she doesn't follow my back to the third row of desks.
    Instead she's... standing at the lectern?
    MEIKO: "Good morning everyone. I hope you're all well. There's nothing much new today, but please remember the deadline for any student submissions to the annual festival are due to the end of the week."
    MEIKO: "You can hand them in to me or any other student council members, and I can fill in some of the details if there's any confusion."
    MEIKO: "But get everything in on time. We're not taking anything late and tardiness will not be tolerated."
    MEIKO: "Have a good day."
    So I guess she's a student council member. And the class rep. It's really not what I would've expected from her at all.
    Meiko retakes her seat only one desk away from mine. The desk between us, where Natsumi was sitting yesterday, is empty. Meiko takes advantage.
    MEIKO: "So you're here, Takeru. Are you living in Mirako?"
    TAKERU: "No, I'm in the dorms."
    MEIKO: "Oh, that's great. I'm in a dorm as well but I've lived here for over two years now so I'm pretty familiar with Mirako."
    MEIKO: "Are you doing anything after school today? We could grab coffee or something and catch up. I think it's the least I can do to welcome you to a new school."
    TAKERU: "Er, maybe. I might've had plans with my roommate. I'm not sure."
    I can't relax around her, that's true. But I don't know what compelled me to dodge this specific invite.
    MEIKO: "Wow, you're already busy. I'm glad you're adjusting well."
    Her smile looks genuine enough.
    TAKERU: "Er, thanks."
    MEIKO: "How about tomorrow then? There aren't any classes but I'll need to come in to school for the student council meeting. I should be free afterwards though. How about it?"
    TAKERU: "That sounds fine. Don't feel obligated to do anything for me, though. I know we didn't well, when..."
    She only laughs in return. Am I the only one that finds this at all uncomfortable?
    MEIKO: "You worry too much. How about I meet you at Mirako after lunch and we'll walk to town?"
    TAKERU: "Right. Sounds good."
    MEIKO: "So what are you plans today? You said something about your roommate?"
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    Luckily I'm saved by the arrival of Natsumi.
    NATSUMI: "'Morning Takeru. Hey Meiko."
    MEIKO: "Good morning. Don't you think it's a little late?"
    NATSUMI: "If the teacher's not here yet, I can't be late, can I?"
    MEIKO: "Please, if you missed be speak you should definitely be here earlier."
    NATSUMI: "Sorry, sorry! I'd rather listen to you then the homeroom teacher anyway."
    MEIKO: "Anyway, but what I was saying, Takeru..."
    I guess I'm not saved after all. Well it's not like I can run away from her forever, with her sitting right there and all.
    MEIKO: "It's really a beautiful town. Plenty of students hardly ever leave the hill, but the countryside is really amazing."
    MEIKO: "It's nostalgic. You remember that big hill we used to climb all the time? That road to the cemetary, with all the switchbacks?"
    TAKERU: "I remember."
    For the Meiko I remember though, these would not be happy memories.
    TAKERU: "I'll look forward to grabbing coffee and catching up, then."
    NATSUMI: "Oh? You guys know each other?"
    TAKERU: "Er, yes, but it's a little..."
    MEIKO: "We were best friends growing up. Inseperable. Takeru lived right down the road from me before we went to different high schools."
    MEIKO: "We'd do everything together. Takeru's a very kind person. He'd play catch with me, help me study for tests in middle school..."
    NATSUMI: "Like you'd ever need help on a test..."
    MEIKO: "It wasn't always so easy, haha."
    NATSUMI: "And you're going out later? I'm jealous..."
    MEIKO: "We've got a lot of catching up to do. Isn't that right, Takeru?"
    TAKERU: "Right."
    And with that our teacher arrives.
    
    Morning classes grind by.
    I'm thankfully excused from a history quiz that covered last week's material, so I'm left with nothing to do but stare at my hands.
    I really need to pick up a hobby. Reading or something.
    Next to me, Natsumi grunts in frustration, bent over her paper.
    I think I catch a smirk on Meiko's face at next desk over. She's sitting up straight and dignified, apparently already done?
    It feels wrong.
    Meiko, my childhood friend, was troubled.
    She tried at school, sure, but she was always stressed or there was always something going on at home holding her back.
    She tried making friends, but I don't remember more than a few... or anyone really. I don't want to dwell on this.
    Finally, time's up.
    Natsumi catches me looking her way and gives an exasperated shake of her head.
    ...
    I'm still trying to get used to the way things are done here so the rather bland lesson manages to hold my attention through until lunch, unheard of at Tohoku.
    Lunch, however, I definitely don't quite have a routine yet.
    I figure it's worth seeing if I can find Kenta or even that girl I met yesterday, Mana, although she said she's always in that library.
    Instead, no sooner am I out the classroom door than I'm ambushed.
    NATSUMI: "Heya Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Oh, it's only you. Hello Natsumi."
    NATSUMI: "Only me? I'm plenty good."
    I more meant that crowd that seems to follow her around has mostly dispersed.
    ...and that I prefer talking to this easygoing girl than another tense encounter with Meiko.
    NATSUMI: "That's so funny you know Meiko."
    TAKERU: "I guess. I almost didn't recognize her yesterday."
    NATSUMI: "You were best friends in middle school though! I bet you two were really cute."
    TAKERU: "It's definitely been a while. I guess you know her too?"
    Well that's a dumb question, they literally sit next to each other. Not that I have anything better to add to this conversation.
    NATSUMI: "Oh, I know everyone here pretty much, but Meiko's great. Always working so hard on the student council, aceing every test... She's pretty much my hero."
    MEIKO: "I can hear you, you know. You give me grief all the time."
    Where'd she come from?
    NATSUMI: "Sorry, sorry, we can't all be as perfect as you Meiko."
    MEIKO: "You're practically the school idol anyway, so I'm sure you could find a better hero."
    NATSUMI: "Mmm, that won't really matter if I graduate like this, though. But you're set for life, aren't you? What are you going to be again?"
    MEIKO: "Lawyer."
    NATSUMI: "That's too stuffy."
    Luckily enough, I spot Kenta coming our way.
    TAKERU: "Hi Kenta. Over here!"
    KENTA: "Hello Takeru."
    NATSUMI: "Well if it isn't Kenta!"
    KENTA: "Do I know you?"
    MEIKO: "It's Natsumi. You have to remember by now, right Kenta?"
    KENTA: "Sorry. Hello Meiko."
    MEIKO: "It's good to see you Kenta."
    NATSUMI: "I'm hurt... But hey! Meiko, did you know these guys are roommates?"
    MEIKO: "That's great. Kenta's a good guy. You're in good hands, Takeru."
    Does she mean that he's going to be the one looking after me?
    I'm at least a little reassured that everyone here seems to know each other. There's no reason it can't be the same for me.
    NATSUMI: "Practice calls! See ya later!"
    MEIKO: "I'm eating with the student council today. We have a bunch of applications to go through and if I'm not there I'm sure the work will be sloppy."
    MEIKO: "Enjoy your meal."
    I'm left with just Kenta.
    KENTA: "Goodbye."
    And now I'm left with just myself.
    Did Kenta not even bother with an excuse? Maybe Meiko was right, I really have been relying on him a bit more than I realized, or at least more than I expected to.
    
    I reenter the classroom, but I really have no desire to eat here. I still know pretty much no one aside from Natsumi and Meiko.
    I exit again.
    Staring out the glass of the school's front, I see students moving down below on the main path.
    Maybe I should go outside just to have somewhere to go. Being indoors all day feels unnatural, like being stuck at the ward again.
    But as I turn around...
    MANA: "Woah!"
    A sharp pain to the elbow.
    I turn around to none other than Mana, spinning off balance. She'll topple over any second. I immediately catch her shoulders.
    TAKERU: "I'm so sorry. I must've turned around and clipped you."
    MANA: "Everything is spinning..."
    TAKERU: "Are you alright?"
    MANA: "Just dizzy..."
    TAKERU: "Do you need me to walk you to the nurse or something? I mean not that I know where the nurse's office is, but..."
    MANA: "Oh, that's right! It's you, Takeru!"
    Mana shakes her head back and forth a few times. Did she snap out of it?
    MANA: "Sorry sorry sorry, it's my fault, I was running because I didn't want to hold up Hagami, and I was going to study with the swim team today, and..."
    TAKERU: "I was just wandering around. I won't hold you up then if you're in a rush."
    MANA: "Oh no no no it's nothing like that. You were just wandering around?"
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    I don't want to have to explain to this younger girl that I really have nowhere to go.
    MANA: "Oh right! You're a transfer so you probably don't have anyone to eat with."
    Looks like she guessed it anyway.
    MANA: "Why don't you come on up to the old library again? It really is the best. And wasn't it fun, yesterday?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah, I guess it wasn't so bad."
    MANA: "And it'll be a little less lonely than eating by yourself. Come on!"
    She practically pulls me ahead through the busy hall. I dodge a few students coming the opposite direction and we finally arrive at the staircase up to the top floor.
    MANA: "Have you been up on the roof before?"
    TAKERU: "No, not really."
    MANA: "Here we are!"
    The stairs open out onto the top of Mirako High School.
    The humidity is back at full blast and there's not a single spot on Mirako's white cement roof that isn't touched by the overhead sun.
    We cross by a few tables and students settling down to the stairs on the other half of the building, the old wing.
    The contrast is immediate. Everything inside seems pale and unhealthy. But the girl next to me saunters through it just the same.
    Finally, we come to the library door with its solitary window. But Mana stops dead.
    MANA: "Oh! That's right. You haven't met Hagami."
    She shakes her head a bit, turns to me and gives a vigorous nod, then opens the door with a brandish.
    MANA: "There's nothing to it, I'll just do the introductions. After you!"
    Very reassuring indeed.
    The library's mostly what I remember from yesterday. Books on the walls, books on the table, and the single light, a poor imitation of the sun outside.
    But seated at the table is someone I don't recognize.
    Long dark hair, dark eyes... Is this Hagami?
    TAKERU: "Hello, I'm..."
    She's staring right at me. But it's less a stare and more... It's like she's looking straight through. There's no eye contact.
    MANA: "Woah!"
    ...And then of course Mana bumps into me from behind, knocking me through the doorway.
    MANA: "Sorry! I thought you were already in!"
    TAKERU: "Er, no worries..."
    MANA: "Hi, Hagami!"
    HAGAMI: "Hey."
    The total opposite of her friend, her default expression is apparently unreadable.
    Meanwhile, Mana makes some pained expression, though it’s not too hard to see why.
    MANA: "I know I probably should've checked ahead with you, but this is Takeru. He's a bit new around here, so he's going to be our guest today."
    Again, something about the way Mana this treats this Hagami person raises ‘a bit’ of suspicion. 
    TAKERU: "It's nice to meet you."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    MANA: "And this is Hagami. She's the other half of the supernatural club and an all-round decent person!"
    HAGAMI: "Hello."
    Still no eye contact. And I doubt it’s because of that slightly embarrassing introduction, either.
    MANA: "You can be an honorary supernatural club member for this lunchtime. How's that sound, Takeru?"
    TAKERU: "Better than nothing."
    MANA: "Hagami, Takeru's not such a bad guy. He's a transfer. I ran into him yesterday in the old wing. We'll have to explain the back entrance, and maybe the secret passage, and..."
    HAGAMI: "...I haven't met him yet."
    Mana is skipping ten steps ahead at once, and Hagami... 
    Moreover, I’m still right here. ...Is what I can’t say, of course. 
    MANA: "Mmm, let's see."
    Mana squints at me, then draws closer and closes one eye. As soon as she gets so close that I start feeling uncomfortable, she withdraws.
    MANA: "Looks healthy to me."
    TAKERU: "Are you a physician now, or something?"
    MANA: "Nope!” 
    MANA: “But I think he's a decent guy, Hagami. That's just my feeling. Now why don't we eat?"
    I push the old radio to the other end of the table as I take the seat opposite Hagami.
    Next to me, Mana pulls out a box lunch and a paperback book, as if there weren't enough books on the table already.
    For her part, Hagami remains motionless.
    MANA: "Hagami, did you already eat?"
    HAGAMI: "...My appetite is funny."
    I notice her food is laid out in front of her. But it's untouched. 
    I try my best to eat in this uncomfortable atmosphere. Maybe I should find the cafeteria tomorrow.
    Mana doesn't seem to notice, or maybe she just doesn't mind. I can't tell which she's doing faster, flipping pages or eating.
    I risk a glance at Hagami. She's still there, staring. Not at me, just through me. 
    As soon as she notices me looking back, she looks away. 
    Okay, that was actually kind of cute.
    MANA: "Oh shoot!"
    She jumps out of her chair, performing some sort of miraculous triple take in the process. Her lunch almost ends up in my lap.
    MANA: "I was supposed to review those notes with Yumi today! And if she fails that test I'm gonna get kicked off the swim team for sure! Shoot!"
    I look on in bewilderment as Mana shovels half her food into her mouth and the other half into her bookbag.
    Across from me, Hagami looks the same way, just as incredulous.
    MANA: "I'll be right back, Hagami, I swear!"
    The door closes with a slam and Hagami and I are left looking each other.
    Well, I guess I'm looking at her. She's still staring right through me.
    Again, she looks away.
    The only noise I detect is a faint hum, almost static. The antique radio must be on.
    I continue eating in silence. 
    Hagami continues to not eat. In silence.
    TAKERU: "Right... Well, how do you know Mana?"
    HAGAMI: "School."
    TAKERU: "Great. I just met her in the old wing yesterday. I guess Mana already told you I'm a new transfer, so..."
    TAKERU: "You guys must be in the same class then?"
    HAGAMI: "No."
    TAKERU: "You do look older, I guess. Are you in my year?"
    A nod is all I get.
    TAKERU: "Er, Mana should be back soon, right?"
    I have no energy for smalltalk. This much has exhausted me already and it's like talking to a monosyllabic sockpuppet.
    Does Mana seriously eat up here with her every day? Do they talk to each other? Do they sit in silence and read? I don't get it.
    Or maybe Mana just makes it a habit of befriending the weirdest people she literally runs into.
    Whatever the case, I'm not welcome here.

Menu: 
   “I should probably give her some space...”:
     Jump hagami1stsceneA  
   “There has got to be something to talk about...”:
     Jump hagami1stsceneB

Label hagami1stsceneB:
    Screw this. I’ll be damned if I let I my precious lunch break turn into awkward sitcom scene. 
    Whatever the deal with her is, she has got to be capable of at least answering a question with a full sentence. 
    And I’m not going to give up until we’ve had something that counts as a conversation.
    TAKERU: “This is the supernatural club, right? At least if you take Mana’s word for it…”
    No reaction.
    TAKERU: “So, what’s it about?”
    HAGAMI: “It’s… complicated.”
    I turn my head sideways for a bit, as to indicate I’m listening.
    HAGAMI: “But Mana is here, so…”
    I guess I was looking for an answer on what the club actually is for, but it seems it’s more like a club for the two of them, in which case, any sort of a name would do. 
    It was fairly obvious from the get-go that Mana appreciated her a great deal, but I’m pretty surprised it apparently goes both ways.
    TAKERU: “She’s important to you, it sounds like.”
    In lieu of a reply, she looks away, hurriedly repackaging the containers arranged in front of her and returns them inside her bag. 
$ set Hagami: +1 (or however this code really went.)
Jump Hagami1stscenecontig

Label hagami1stsceneA:
    TAKERU: "Sorry, if I'm making you uncomfortable."
    HAGAMI: "...It's fine."
    TAKERU: "I mean, you can go ahead and eat if you want. I'd hate for you to miss out on lunch because I showed up."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    In lieu of a reply, she repackages the containers arranged in front of her and returns them to her bag. Good going, me.
Label Hagami1stscenecontig:   
    Hagami rises from the table and pushes in her chair. For a moment I think I've offended her to the point where she's just going to walk out.
    Instead, she returns with one of the books from the wall, as if there weren't enough piled on the table already.
    This one's a green, leather-bound monstrosity that's about the size of the radio. Probably heavier, too.
    She sets in down at her place on the table with a wham that scatters dust from the surface.
    TAKERU: "Ah! What is that? Some sort of textbook? It's huge."
    TAKERU: "Well, either a textbook or some sort of collection of the Russian masters."
    My lousy attempt at humor succeeds in getting some emotion out of Hagami for once.
    Except it's only a mixed look of pity and exasperation.
    She gestures at the front cover.
    TAKERU: "It's... 'A Brief History of Eidolon Theory (and other post-Hume metaphysics)'."
    TAKERU: "Oh."
    I repress the urge to make another gag.
    TAKERU: "Is that the the kind of a book you'd use for a comedy skit? Like hiding a key inside it or something?"
    HAGAMI: "No."
    This time I wasn't even joking.
    Hagami props the book up on the table so I'm left to stare at the spine.
    I take a glance at my watch. Fifteen minutes until classes start...
    Would it be rude of me to leave?
    TAKERU: "Didn't Mana say she'd only be gone a minute or two? I don't think she's coming back, so..."
    HAGAMI: "Mana always keeps her word."
    HAGAMI: "She'll be back."
    She doesn't bother looking over the edge of her book to pronounce, she just states it as fact.
    TAKERU: "Alright.
    TAKERU: "I guess it would be impolite to leave before she got back... And she left her book here anyway, so I guess she's coming."
    There's nothing I can do about it, really.
    My eyes wander around the confines of the library once again. There's nothing in here I'd read once in a million years. Are these girls actually into this stuff?
    I don't dare trying to strike up any more conversation with Hagami. Obviously her post-Humian whatevers are more interesting that whatever drivel is on my mind.
    But the longer I sit here, the more antsy I get.
    That strange hum isn't helping. For a moment there it almost sounded like a human voice.
    Actually... that's the radio. Someone must've left it on.
    After another thirty seconds of humming shaves off a sliver of my sanity, I reach for the knob and shut off the radio.
    Almost immediately, a hand shoots out from beyond the ‘Brief History’ and turns it back on.
    TAKERU: "Sorry. I didn't know you were listening to that. Isn't that just static?"
    HAGAMI: "Listen closer."
    If I lean closer to the radio, I can just make out the music.
    TAKERU: "Oh, it's an orchestra. Okay."
    HAGAMI "...You know the piece?"
    TAKERU: "No."
    HAGAMI: "Oh well..."
    TAKERU: "You sound disappointed. Sorry."
    HAGAMI: "If it bothers you, you can turn it off. Sorry."
    TAKERU: "That's alright."
    I wish Hagami would actually look up at me from behind that tome when she's talking. That book practically muffles her already low reply.
    TAKERU: "..."
    She turns a knob and the volume rises, slightly.
    I think that was supposed to be for me, but I don't see what it accomplishes. Now my waiting just has some tinny background music. Great.
    Without anything better to do, I shuffle around the books that take up most of the tablespace.
    They're all pretty heavy. Nothing as dense as what Hagami hauled over from the shelf, but still... 
    At a glance, I spot an English typewriting manual, some treatise and essays on various philosophers, occult, psychology, history and religions, and even folklore. 
    Seemingly obscure, the kind of books you’d least expect to find in a school library. I don’t think I could honestly imagine someone getting paid to write this sort of stuff.
    The only interesting one of the bunch is the book Mana left behind. There's no title on the front, just an illustration of a boy staring up at a starry sky.
    I open to the bookmark. It's... well... some kind of cloying teen romance. Apparently I flipped to the protagonist's first kiss.
    I raise an eyebrow and replace the bookmark.
    When I look up again, Hagami is staring at me. She also has one eyebrow raised.
    TAKERU: "I was just bored, okay?"
    In response, she rises and walks to the shelf walls. In ten seconds, she's back with a book roughly the shape and density of a concrete brick.
    TAKERU: "Is this for me?"
    Wordlessly, she places it in front of me and flips it open.
    I'm supposed to be reading "A metaphysical analysis of the incorporeal in classical sources."
    Have mercy on me...
    HAGAMI: "You'll enjoy it more than that romance novel."
    TAKERU: "Hagami, I have trouble getting through the stuff we read for class, let alone..."
    Wait.
    While Hagami isn't smiling, her head is tilted to the side. I've been had.
    TAKERU: "Very funny."
    HAGAMI: "...Sorry for the poor joke."
    TAKERU: "Ah. Well you had me fooled."
    HAGAMI: "It was rude of me."
    And she withdraws back into that green leather beast.
    Without a moment's notice, Mana tumbles through the door.
    MANA: "Sorry I'm late, I got held by the teacher, and then I forgot and went to my next class, and then..."
    She stumbles into the seat next to me.
    HAGAMI: "Welcome back."
    MANA: "Takeru, you were reading that thing?"
    TAKERU: "Er.."
    She's spotted the brick in front of me.
    MANA: "That's so cool! I thought only Hagami was into this stuff! You guys will have to show me what's good one of these days. Did you guys talk about old books and stuff while I was gone?"
    TAKERU: "Not quite..."
    Hagami is just staring to the side with a tortured look on her face, so I think the responsibility to explain might fall on me.
    But as I do so, it's pretty painful to watch the enthusiasm drain out of Mana.
    She's still bright as ever when we part ways outside the old library, but it's clear she was very excited to think Hagami had made an inroad with her hobby.
    Maybe there's a reason the supernatural club only has two members.
    TAKERU: "See you later, Mana."
    MANA: "Bye Takeru! You'll be back tomorrow, right?"
    TAKERU: "Er, I don't know, but we'll see."
    We'll see indeed.
    
    
    Back at class, it looks like I left the library a little later than I should have.
    NATSUMI: "Well looks who decided to show up."
    TAKERU: "I guess I was the last back..."
    NATSUMI: "Yeah, you make me look good. I told Meiko I might have had to send out a rescue party."
    I look over Natsumi's desk to Meiko, but she's deep in concentration reviewing a sheaf of copy paper.
    Natsumi notices the direction of my attention.
    NATSUMI: "It must be that festival stuff. Meiko's gonna work herself to death one of these days."
    TAKERU: "Festival, huh..."
    NATSUMI: "Yep, world-famous. Well maybe not quite but hey I'm looking forward to it."
    NATSUMI: "But I'm more busy with the tournament earlier that week though... Can't be worrying about fun and games until after that!"
    TAKERU: "Tournament? Are you in like a debate league or something?"
    NATSUMI: "Debate? As if!"
    She openly laughs.
    NATSUMI: "I play baseball."
    TAKERU: "Ah."
    NATSUMI: "I practically live for baseball. When I retire, I mean, graduate, they could practically name Mirako's field after me!"
    TAKERU: "That's... really interesting."
    I hope she can't see I'm sweating.
    NATSUMI: "What's wrong? Are you not big into girls in sports? One of those weird athlete guys with something to prove? You did look kind of look like you had some muscle tone to you..."
    TAKERU: "Oh quit staring at me, I'll get self-conscious. It was just a surprise is all."
    MEIKO: "She's the captain, too."
    Meiko was apparently paying attention.
    TAKERU: "No kidding."
    NATSUMI: "Hey, I told you I was serious. I'm pretty good too. Did you know we got a shot at regionals this year? A country school like Mirako."
    NATSUMI: "Since I took over as captain it's been nothing but success."
    MEIKO: "Overconfidence is unbecoming."
    NATSUMI: "Oh let me have my fun."
    NATSUMI: "We play pretty well."
    TAKERU: "I can imagine."
    NATSUMI: "Come on out to practice sometime."
    TAKERU: "Maybe I will."
    I definitely won't.
    At least this explains why everyone seems to follow her around. Maybe they're her players, or maybe they're just adoring fans.
    As class begins I'm struck with just a bit of jealousy.
    That's what unsettled me before when I saw those guys trailing her. It felt like me. I saw me in her.
    Or at least old me.
    Is that some sort of curse? Every day I'm to sit next to some half rate imitation of myself that I can never be again.
    Captain of a country school baseball team... I bet they hardly have bleachers.
    Why am I jealous? Aren't I better than that? Well, no, I'm worse than that. I'm beneath her.
    I need to snap out of it. Everything seems to be running away again.
    
    Not a moment too soon, the last class of the day comes to a close.
    On my way out, I find Kenta standing by the gate and we both turn to walk down the hill.
    KENTA: "Hello."
    TAKERU: "Hey Kenta. That's another day down I guess."
    KENTA: "Correct. Luckily we have many left."
    Was that supposed to sound so philosophical?
    KENTA: "What do you think of Mirako? Now that you're through with another day."
    I'm about to deflect when I remember his annoyance yesterday.
    TAKERU: "It's alright. Still not familiar, but... we'll see."
    KENTA: "Good."
    KENTA: "I think someone's waving to you Takeru."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    Sure enough, back at the top of the hill, there's a silhouette.
    MEIKO: "Have a good evening, Takeru! And you won't forget about tomorrow, right?"
    TAKERU: "Nope. I'll see you at lunch. Bye."
    KENTA: "She's an unusualy one."
    TAKERU: "Meiko? When I described her yesterday you said you didn't know her."
    KENTA: "Sorry."
    We reach a turn on the hill road. Left to town, right to the dorms.
    TAKERU: "Oh... that's right. You're not going to that coin shop today, are you?"
    KENTA: "Coin shop?"
    TAKERU: "It was closed yesterday."
    KENTA: "No. Coins are rather uninteresting."
    TAKERU: "Er... Alright then."
    I'm worried if I probe any further I'll end up behind a ramshackle counter somewhere where a man with a goatee explains the finer points of a Roman denarius.
    TAKERU: "Back to the dorm it is then."
    KENTA: "Yes. There's lots of work to get done tonight."
    TAKERU: "My homework looks pretty okay..."
    KENTA: "Good. You can help me resort the dresser. I have a good color scheme in mind. Lights and darks is too narrowminded. I'm sure you'll agree this new plan is..."
    Damn it. I should've gone to the hobby shop.