label day6:

Routines are a pretty amazing thing, when you start thinking about it.
Back then, the old me could not have imagined dealing with someone rearranging my personal belongings overnight or stuffing insects inside my dresser.
Or being dragged around to a full-blown ghost hunt, complete with robes, candlelight, incense and all.
Then again, the old me did plenty of stuff that the current me finds just plain impossible.
And it's not that I even admire it all any more, 'that me' just feels like a different person altogether.
Never underestimate basic survival instinct. That's what has kept us and predecessors going for 5 million years and counting.
Well, what I'm getting at, is that after putting last night's ordeal behind me, I'm pretty sure nothing Mirako can throw at me will surprise me anymore.
...
And after saying that much to myself, I realize just how much of a death flag that whole statement was.
Okay, whatever you've got in store for me... Just hit me.

I wake up to the smell of what's presumably some sort of an cleaning agent.
Don't tell me Kenta was actually serious about bleaching the whole room. Sarcasm, or jokes in general have never been his strong suit.
Takeru: “Hey, Kenta, what's with this smell?”
Takeru: “Kenta?”
No answer.
I get up and creep slowly towards the desk, where the smell seemed to be coming from.
And right then...
Takeru: “Woaaah!”
Okay, that whole monologue about being ready for anything, I'm taking all that back.
Because that definitely isn't something I could handle this early in the morning.
Takeru: “What the heck!”
Something on the desk is staring right at me.
Suspended in some foul-smelling transparent liquid, that something turns out to be a fully grown, preserved frog, seemingly looking right back at me through the glass.
The whole thing looks like something straight out from a mad scientist's lab in some old b-grade horror film.
While the bugs inside my drawer had been creepy in their own right, this was just downright sinister.
Kenta: “Why are you screaming?”
Asking as much with a completely straight face, as per usual, Kenta had somehow appeared right behind me.
Takeru: “Morning.”
Kenta: “Morning.”
Takeru: “Now, why is there frog in a jar, on my desk?” 
Kenta: “Originally, I got the ethyl alcohol for my insect collection, but with the right concentration and a little bit of glycerine for preserving the colours, you can use it for just about anything.”
Takeru: “That does not answer my question.”
Kenta: “It's a little departure from insects, but in a glass jar, it just looks that much more impressive.”
Kenta: “Besides, I was starting to get tired of invertebrates...”
Takeru: “And just where do you think you can store these glass jars then?”
Kenta: “Hmm... You are right. It would be kind of a waste rearrange my collection for that.” 
Kenta: “I wouldn't be able to display the jars in the open and overall, it just wouldn't be an efficient use of space.”
Takeru: “You're still talking about my drawer here.”
Takeru: “And don't tell me you're actually planning on setting up shelves for stuff like that...”
Kenta: “Shelves... Now that does make sense. But I'm not sure if the dorm manager would grant permission for drilling any screw holes to the walls.”
Geez. As always, just talking with this person feels like putting my sanity at risk.
What routine has taught me by now is that the only of way of dealing with his hobbies is by not caring.   
All I can hope is that his current craze will pass quickly enough. I don't want to wake up with my dorm room looking like a natural museum

Having finished what was left of my morning routine, if you could call it one at this point, I shuffle to school.
Skipping through the old building towards class, I remember last night's encounter with Hikari.
Just my luck, isn't it? Just how did I get dragged into all that?
Of course, thinking back to it is not going bring any of my dignity back...
Still, there's definitely something weird about her. 
For one thing everyone else seems to forget about they've even talked to her in the first place.
And asking about her, it's like she never existed. Or she might have been there, or maybe not.
“You anchor me, I anchor you...” I whisper to myself, remembering her words.
Though that only works if I'm sane to begin with. 
What's to say I'm not imagining a person saying those things? 
But I've been taking my pills, right? 
Sigh... I'm not getting anywhere with this.
I guess I should try asking Mana if she still remembers running into her during our field expedition. Though I wouldn't mind if she forgot about me wearing that robe. But that's probably not going to happen.
 
Arriving early as usual, I instantly run into someone I don't really want to deal with.
Natsumi: “Yo, Takeru. When are you going to fulfil that promise about coming to watch our club's practice?”
Her beaming smile is almost too bright to look at. A foolproof poker face of a whole another kind.
Takeru: “I don't remember making a promise like that, though.”
Natsumi: “Tch. But you looked so out of it, I thought I might be able to squeeze out an 'okay' from you, this time.”
Takeru: “Wouldn't that be cheating?”
Natsumi: “Just kidding. I wouldn't force you to anything. But my concern was genuine, you know.”
Natsumi: “You can always count on me. Just want you to remember that.”
I must have looked really out of it, never expected something like this from her.
Still, she does sound pretty reliable at times. I can sort of understand how and why she became such an idol in the first place.
Takeru: “Hey, I don't think it ever came up, so I thought I should ask, at least.”
Takeru: “What position do you play?”
Natsumi: “Me? Third baseman and clean-up hitter.”
Takeru: “Somehow, I can totally see that...”
Natsumi: “Hmm... are you suddenly taking an interest towards baseball?” 
Takeru: “You wish.” 
Takeru: “Rather, I'm just thinking, IF I joined, wouldn't I be taking the spot of the current pitcher in your team?”
Takeru: “Do you think they'd be okay giving up that spot for someone who just transferred in less than a month ago?”
Natsumi: “No worries. A lot of the starters are third-years like myself. We know it's our last year, so we just want to get as far as possible.”
Natsumi: “And a strong pitcher is the one thing we're lacking, so I don't think anyone would have anything against putting you on the mound.”
And here I thought I could use that excuse for worming my way out of this.
Still, with all that amount of hope and pressure she's unknowingly loading on my shoulders, I probably wouldn't be able to handle it, even if I, through some miracle, suddenly wanted to play again.
Natsumi: “So, with that out of the way, I can count on seeing you at practice today, right?”
Takeru: “I pitch at zero MPH, remember? I'm only talking about what-ifs.”
Natsumi: “Suuuure, whatever you say.”
Of course she didn't buy that. I might have just made my own position exponentially worse.
Saved by the bell for the morning class, I dread the coming lunch break and Natsumi's attacks, which will, no doubt, continue. And there's no telling what sort of a curveball she might break out next.

Meiko: “... And remember to submit you applications in time, since you won't be able to make any purchases or reservations without first having your application approved by the festival committee.”
As home room unfolds, we learn once again, not only that the school festival is looming on the horizon, but that the festival committee wields absolute power.
Sounds like some sort of dictatorship. Or maybe an Orwellian society of sorts.
Meiko: “Now, if you have anything to add or you have to question ask, please raise your hand.”
Meiko: “Yes, Natsumi?”	
Natsumi: “It's about the fireworks...”
Meiko: “The answer is still no.”
Her stern reply elicits a subdued sigh from the rest of the class.
“Hey, but what about the 'legend of the fireworks'?”
“It's not like you have a someone to go with, do you?”
“Not yet... But love will find a way! Right?“
“Sigh... Sure. I'm sure it will.”
The rest of us simply watch from the sidelines as the impromptu comedy routine delivered by two of the boys in our class doesn't quite succeed in convincing Meiko to reconsider her stance towards the whole fireworks display. 
Takeru: “Hey, Natsumi?” 
Takeru: “Not that I could care less at this point, but what's with that 'legend of the fireworks' – thing?”
Natsumi: “You're interested, eh? Well, since it's 'her' we're talking about, I wouldn't blame you.”
Natsumi: “Listen up and listen good, this is something you don't want to go to waste.”
At this point, she had already lost me completely, but I didn't feel like interrupting her flow, either.
Natsumi: “It is said that the couple who sees the blaze of the fireworks reflected in each other's eyes in the night of Meiko's school festival will only grow closer and closer.”
Takeru: “Huh?!”
Natsumi: “Well, it's something like 'The seven mysteries of Meiko high'. Stuff that you don't want to take too seriously, but that's fun to believe in, anyway.”
Takeru: “No, no... I can sort of get that from the spiel you laid out, but I don't really get why I should be paying any mind to it.”
Natsumi: “Sigh... You're a real bonehead, aren't you? Poor Meiko...”
Takeru: No, seriously... Just what are you trying to get at?”
Meiko: “- Since there are no more suggestions, I take it we're done with today's meeting.”
Meiko: “And remember, the committee is still accepting volunteer for future preparations.”
Meiko: “That's all!”
In any case, homeroom comes to a close with me none the wiser, and the morning classes commence...
Does Natsumi have some sort of a misconception about what Meiko and I used to be?
But to me, she was just a...
Oh well. Whatever she thought of me back then, it's not like I could just waltz back into her life after what I did.

Finally, the lunch break arrives.
Sticking around when Natsumi is already on a roll does not seem like a good idea, so I make my escape, towards the old library.
At the very least, I can confirm whether or not Mana still remembers anything about last night's encounter.

Through the staircases and past the empty classrooms, I find my way to my final destination.
I try taking a peek through the small window on the library's door. 
While I've technically come here just to eat lunch in peace, I guess it would be sort of meaningless if those two weren't here.
Just me and the endless piles of dusty, obscurely titled books. Or worse still, it could be Hagami just by herself.
Of course, she's not exactly scary in the same sense as Natsumi, but the silent treatment is still a bit too much for me, especially when I know she's hardly doing it on purpose, either.
Though somehow, I can only see a single corner of the table from here, so it seems I won't be able tell for sure.
Rather than risk looking like an idiot by standing in front of the door any longer, I guess I should just go for it.
Oh well... here goes nothing.
Takeru: “Hey, anyone here?”
Mana: “Yup, We're here!”
A smile that's way too bright to look at directly.
And on the other side of the table, surrounded by ever-growing piles of books, sits a girl whose expression is almost the polar opposite of the former.
Well, I guess the opposite of a smile would be a pout of some sort. That's literally like an upside-down smile.
But Hagami's expression wasn't so much a pout, as it was almost a total lack of expression.
According to Mana, that's since she has a hard time expressing herself.
In other words, while she probably used to worry about stuff like 'What should I talk about with them?', nowadays she's more or less aware that the answers won't come no matter how hard she thinks.
Or maybe she just doesn't consider me as company of any sort?
Takeru: “I sort of... escaped here. I hope you don't mind.”
Hagami: “Escaped?”
She stares at me with the sort the look normally reserved for exotic animals.
Takeru: “It's a long story. And it's mostly got to do with someone called Natsumi, I guess.”
Hagami: “I see.”
While her expression somehow tells me she would have liked to know more, it seems that she managed to suppress her curiosity for now.
Mana: “Hey, the more the merrier!”
Mana “Anyway, Hagami and I were just about to sum up our reports of last night's adventure.”
Hagami: “Expedition.”
So she still insists on that term. Well, Mana say did something about how she's the one actually taking this supernatural club seriously...
Mana: “Ah, right.”
Making short work of my lunch bread, I throw out the question I've had in mind for a while now.
Takeru: “Did we run into any ghosts, though?”
Mana: “That... We went around the old side, didn't we?”
Mana: “But... There might have been something or there might not have been.”
Mana: “I seem to remember seeing something, but I'm not sure we did. And even if we did, it definitely wasn't anything cute...”
Takeru: “I don't think that's the adjective you'd normally use when it comes to ghosts.”
Though in this case... I guess the person we saw could be called 'cute', even if the things she said were anything but.”
Hagami: “That is different from last night.”
Mana: “Eh?”
Hagami: “Last night, when you returned, you only told me you two ran into Takeru's friend.”'
Hagami: “And that he was pretty embarrassed in front of her, too.”
Mana: “Something like that happened?”
Takeru: “Don't look at me. If you're alright with forgetting about that, I've got no objections.”
Hagami: “The journal should be kept as accurate as possible...”
Sigh. So thanks to her, me prancing around the school in a robe will remain forever recorded for future generations, and in scientific detail too.
Still, while I guess Mana forgetting about her encounter with Hikari would be a given, it's sort of odd how Hagami still remembers it, apparently.

As I chalk up the remainder of my lunch, I glance back at her direction.
Finished with filling out her journal, I'd assume, she's currently working her way through surprisingly small paperback.
The Fabric of the Cosmos: Space, Time, and the Texture of Reality. 
Sure looks heavy, though I don't mean that from a physical standpoint...
Takeru: “Taking a break from metaphysics?”
Hagami: “This...”
As soon as I point towards the book, she perks up visibly, looking like a completely different person.
Hagami: “This is mine. The other books were from this library...”
Given just how excited she seems, I guess I'll have to bite, even if I know hardly anything about... Whatever it is that her book is really dealing with.
Takeru: “What's with the 'texture of reality,' then?”
Hagami: “I haven't gotten that far yet.”
There was a moment of silence, before she continued, eagerly explaining her spiel.”
Hagami: “But I think it's probably an attempt at trying to define the bottom level of our existence.”
Hagami: “What does spacetime really mean? What are energy and atoms made of and when and how we came to the picture? What is really possible and what probably is not...”
That must have been up there with the longest sentences I've ever heard her speak. Don't tell me, all this time, she was just waiting for someone to humor her first?
Mana: “Heh. That's right... You haven't met 'this Hagami' yet. She's turns into a completely different person if you poke her the wrong way.”
Hagami: “Hey. I'm not that different normally, and just what do you mean with the 'wrong way'?”
Mana: “Well, I think you're a bit more cute if you only speak up occasionally.”
Hagami: “That makes no sense at all.”
I end up watching from the sidelines as the two girls have a good and honest bout, no holds barred.
Still, I'm surprised to find she had a side like that to her as well. Though I guess that's what social anxiety is ultimately about. Not being able to express yourself in full, that is.
Eventually, we pack up our debates and personal belongings and head back to our classes. 

The topics at hand seem a little more simpler that Hagami's books of choice, but nevertheless manage to tire me out pretty quickly.
And soon enough, I find myself having a staring contest with the classroom's clock, despite having hardly anything to look forward to. 

The afternoon classes come to a close, leaving me pondering what I should be doing with my life.
Joining a sports club of any sort was obviously out of the question. 
And I don't exactly want to commit myself to a club whose activities have so far consisted of reading incomprehensible literature and wandering around the school in a tuned-up potato sack.
And then there's her...
Takeru: “Hey, anything I could help with? With the festival committee and all. ”
Meiko: “Ah, um... Actually, yes.”
Meiko: “We have to start making orders for the local hardware store, for all the stall materials and such.”
Meiko: “So, we need to check their selection beforehand and start making a list of the wares we're going to need.”
Takeru: “Sounds simple enough.”
Meiko: “Having another opinion would be really helpful, I'm sure.”
Takeru: “Sure, no problem.”
Meiko: “Ah, thank you, again.”
Takeru: “Please, don't mention it.”
Once again, I feel like I'm tagging along for the sake of my conscience, rather than anything else.
After all, as I've heard, she was on the committee last year as well. She probably knows what we need way better than I do.

In any case, we pick up our stuff and head out towards Mirako proper.
I remember hearing the town had a small hardware store. That's probably where Kenta picked up his pliers and that... ethyl alcohol or whatever that stuff was.
Still, I can't remember ever visiting the store myself, not even back then.
The two of us blend into the small crowd of home-goers, but as we're walking down the hill, I feel the need to break the silence.

[This one seems like a big 'flag' out of nowhere, so it may need a change, but I wanted to see what the scene would be like if Meiko herself revealed the incident from last year.
Of course, the plot would return to this later on and all, but still... Hrmm. It's also kind of 'flat', I guess.]

Takeru: “Hey, I know this could end up sounding like a stupid question, but what's the deal with you and the fireworks?”
She paused for a second and the expression on her face only made me question if I should have asked about it in the first place.
Meiko: “Last year, there was an accident during the festival.”
Meiko: “A fire broke out at the old side and she... I mean, friend of mine...”
Meiko: “She was in the old school building when it happened and... She didn't make it out in time.”
Looking at her, it's like something inside her broke just now.
Takeru: “I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked, after all.”
Meiko: “No, it's not like you could have known...”
Meiko: “I... I've got to go.”
Having said as much, she simply turns and leaves, staggering forward like a broken robot.
I sigh internally, knowing that I'm no position to stop her. 
Considering my past with her, it's not like I have any right to console her.

Back at my dorm, I have to wonder how made it here without stumbling on anything.  
Lying on my bed, I stare emptily at the ceiling. 
...
Wait a minute.
A third-year who skips out on classes, struggles to remembered and can't seem to drink tea or even move chess pieces?
And a friend of Meiko, who died last year in an accident when a fire broke out at the old side of the school?  
The heck does that all mean?
My last encounter with her flashed through my mind.
It all sounded like some sick joke.
Don't tell me I've been talking to a ghost all this time?


