label day03b:
    
    I wake up early for once, even before Kenta.
    The room is back to its tidy self. The dressers have been moved to the center of the room and my desk migrated from my bed to the door, but Kenta's work seems to be done.
    Last night I couldn't shake that merry-go-round of wild thoughts but this morning I feel renewed. The mental burden is gone.
    Of course, I didn't dream. I never dream any more.
    It's a side effect of the pills, but I'll gladly sacrifice the dreams at night to keep at bay the dreams at day.
    Enough sitting around. I rise and yawn. Kenta's snoring so loudly I wonder if that's what woke me up in the first place.
    The first order of business is to find where my clothes ended up.
    At random I open a dresser!
    TAKERU: "Ahhhh!"
    I stumble backwards and trip over my own bed.
    KENTA: "What? What?"
    TAKERU: "Spiders! In the dresser!"
    Clutching my pillow to my chest, I approach the open drawer.
    A spider bigger than my fist sits motionless in the center, surrounded by hundreds of its eight-legged brethren.
    KENTA: "Stop! What do you think you're doing to my collection?"
    TAKERU: "What?"
    Kenta grabs the pillow from my and flings it back onto the bed.
    KENTA: "You were about to smash my Queensland whistling spider, you philistine. It's harmless. Mostly."
    Okay. There's a pin through it and it's more like the size of my palm.
    None of the other spiders seem to be moving at all either.
    Dammit Kenta.
    TAKERU: "Is this a joke? Stuffing ten million spiders into my dresser while I'm out?"
    KENTA: "No, I don't really see what's funny about it."
    TAKERU: "That makes two of us."
    KENTA: "It's my insect collection! Spiders aren't technically insects but I figure it's a niche enough hobby that the taxonomics can be overlooked."
    KENTA: "This is the beetle drawer. There weren't quite enough to fill a drawer so mantises are in here too. This one's moths and butterflies..."
    TAKERU: "Kenta."
    KENTA: "Sorry, do you not like insects? Here, I'll open the spider drawer back up, you seemed most interested in them."
    TAKERU: "Kenta."
    KENTA: "Good morning?"
    I can't even find the words.
    TAKERU: "Look, nothing against spiders, but... Just... A little warning next time, okay?"
    KENTA: "I asked if you wanted to help moving stuff in from the shop yesterday but you seemed a little out of it."
    TAKERU: "What happened to all the coins?"
    KENTA: "Had to sell them, unfortunately. They're just not very interesting. And you wouldn't believe how much they charge for those little wooden display stands."
    KENTA: "I still have some funds left over, but there's a trade show coming up in a month or so, so I'll need every penny."
    Funny, I have a penny you can borrow.
    TAKERU: "Alright, fine, you do your thing. Where can I find clothes?"
    He takes out one article of clothing after another from the other dresser.
    TAKERU: "How does everything even fit in there?"
    KENTA: "Here's your uniform. And it's a tight squeeze, even after I ironed everything."
    TAKERU: "You... ironed?"
    KENTA: "Yes. It's the first off day of the month, so I did it along with the bathroom cleaning."
    So while I wandered around Mirako, he laundered everything I own down to the last sock and also cleaned the bathroom.
    And loaded up my dresser with venomous insects.
    TAKERU: "Thanks?"
    KENTA: "You're welcome."
    TAKERU: "We should really hurry though if you want to get to homeroom on time."
    KENTA: "I get it, I get it."
    
    The walk up to Mirako is starting to seem a little less foreign. The school interior is less a maze. I find my way through the last of the morning traffic to 3B.
    I take my seat next to an emtpy desk where Natsumi should be. Meiko isn't there either.
    But then I spot her at the front of the room.
    MEIKO: "...and so with the chemistry test coming up, I'm organizing a study group. If you're interested let me know after classes today and we'll find a room."
    MEIKO: "Again, if anyone's interested in helping the student council with festival preperations, it's much appreciated."
    She takes her seat. Somehow Natsumi snuck in while I wasn't looking.
    NATSUMI: "A study group? You're crazy, Meiko. Don't you get perfect marks in chemistry anyway?"
    MEIKO: "We've got to do well as a class. Other students still need help."
    NATSUMI: "Ugh, don't rub it in."
    TAKERU: "You said the student council needed help?"
    MEIKO: "Oh it's nothing much. Just festival prep. I'll be taking care of most of it myself."
    NATSUMI: "Where do you find the time for all this..."
    TAKERU: "How much work does the student council usually do for the festival? It sounds like a big deal."
    NATSUMI: "None of 'em work as hard as Meiko, for sure..."
    MEIKO: "Oh don't flatter me. But yes, Takeru's it a pretty big deal -- the Mirako Cultural Festival."
    MEIKO: "The town of Mirako itself is pretty small so there are always people coming up to enjoy themselves and see the school first-hand. It's our one chance every year to show off what we can accomplish."
    MEIKO: "The clubs mostly organize their own events, but the student council is responsible for the school-wide stuff. And it's a week early this year, so..."
    NASTUMI: "Oh, and the fireworks are gorgeous!"
    MEIKO: "No fireworks this year."
    Natsumi makes the scariest face I think I've ever seen on her.
    MEIKO: "Anyway, most people see Mirako as this big closed-off building on a hill. We have to make a good impression. Anything less than perfect would reflect poorly on us."
    TAKERU: "Sounds like you take this pretty seriously."
    NATSUMI: "Yeah 'cause in the end it all reflects on her and the council as well."
    Meiko ignores Natsumi and her grin.
    MEIKO: "It'll be the event of the year this time around, and I'll make sure of it."
    MEIKO: "You should join a club or something, Takeru. You'd get to participate."
    TAKERU: "Yeah, I'll consider it..."
    
    I'm still considering it as I drift out of the room at the lunch break.
    Heading home early every day to deal with spiders and coins and ironed clothing just seems a little not my style.
    Baseball is off the table. Never again.
    Athletics in general seem dicey, really. Team sports just don't seem appropriate.
    I wonder if Mirako even has anything close to track and field. I'm kind of amazed they even have their own baseball diamond.
    In my wandering, I seem to have come to the old wing. I guess there's another "club" nearby...
    The supernatural does not interest me per se. Even less interesting are the books that stock the library where the pseudo-club meets. Why am I outside their door?
    Inside I hear voices. Two voices, actually.
    MANA: "It's not manga, it's a light novel!"
    HAGAMI: "A regular novel would be bad enough. If it has a number after the title, it's of no value."
    MANA: "Oh yeah? I seem to remember a lot of music being piano concerto number two or the ninth symphony or whatever."
    HAGAMI: "That's different."
    HAGAMI: "And what kind of sequel to a novel has a number? Is there a War and Peace 2 somewhere that I don't know about?"
    Then laughter.
    But... it's the laughter of two people.
    I guess Hagami isn't a mute, she's just shy around everyone but Mana. Or maybe I'm particularly offensive.
    At any rate, they seem happy. I won't intrude and turn lunch into another silent staring contest.
    I turn to go, but...
    TAKERU: "Ow!"
    MANA: "Sorry sorry sorry!"
    The door opens into me, knocking me off balance.
    MANA: "Oh! It's Takeru! Good afternoon! Are you alright? I didn't see you there."
    TAKERU: "The door has a window you know..."
    MANA: "I know, I know..."
    MANA: "Did you come by to eat with us?"
    TAKERU: "I was headed to the roof, just passing by, but..."
    She seems more glad to see me. If I were her I think I'd find my lurking more suspicious. Maybe this isn't so bad, assuming I don't get tricked into eating with just Hagami's death glare for company.
    TAKERU: "Are you going somewhere?"
    MANA: "Uhh... Let me see... Nope!"
    TAKERU: "You just left the library for no reason?"
    MANA: "It must've been fate to run into you!"
    Run into me? I dust off my shoulder. Why does fate have to be so literal?
    MANA: "You're coming right?"
    TAKERU: "Just for a bit then."
    MANA: "Stupendous! Okay."
    MANA: "Hey Hagami! You remember Takeru right?"
    HAGAMI: "...Of course."
    She couldn't look less thrilled about.
    TAKERU: "Sorry for the intrusion. I was just walking through."
    I sit down and take out my food. Mana joins me, sitting opposite next to Hagami.
    MANA: "It's fine if you come up every day, even. I understand if you're transfer. It's fine not to have too many friends in the beginning."
    MANA: "When I moved here a few years back I didn't know anybody. But Hagami was so friendly."
    It seems hard to believe. It seems Hagami agrees -- when she sees me looking at her, she shrugs.
    MANA: "You seem pretty friendly too though. I'm sure you're meeting lots of great people!"
    TAKERU: "No, I have friends, I guess..."
    Natsumi's more acquaintance than friend. Kenta could be considered a friend but at the moment I consider him a menace to my sanity. Meiko, though...
    TAKERU: "I actually ran into one of my best friends growing up. We lost touch a few years ago but I guess she goes here now."
    MANA: "Oh yeah?"
    TAKERU: "Kotaru Meiko. She's a student council member, maybe you..."
    From Mana's Scowl and Hagami's shake of the head, it looks like they already know her.
    TAKERU: "Not a friend of yours, then?"
    MANA: "Well I dunno, she's my senior and she's always so hardworking and smart, so I guess she must be a good person, but she's also..."
    HAGAMI: "By the book."
    By the book, coming from Hagami, wouldn't that be a good thing?
    MANA: "She's not too happy about the supernatural club only having two members."
    TAKERU: "Oh. I sort of thought the club was a joke."
    MANA: "It's not a joke! We do serious work here!"
    I try to read Hagami but she has a straight face.
    TAKERU: "Okay."
    MANA: "But yeah, it's nothing serious, but I guess we're not an official club really, and we don't get funding for anything..."
    TAKERU: "What do you need funding for?"
    HAGAMI: "More books."
    She's still stonefaced.
    MANA: "It'd be nice to do something for the festival..."
    TAKERU: "Oh. That's coming up, isn't it."
    MANA: "Not really. Isn't it almost two months away?"
    TAKERU: "No idea. Meiko made it sound like it was this all-consuming thing on the horizon."
    MANA: "Well of course! She probably has to do all the work to set it up!"
    Is that new Meiko? Slaving over everything, setting up a dozen different events at once?
    TAKERU: "Anyway, I'm doing alright for myself at Mirako."
    MANA: "Good to hear!"
    TAKERU: "So what exactly do you guys do at the supernatural club?"
    MANA: "It's all about the mysteries! Have you heard of Starset Sunrise?"
    TAKERU: "Is that some kind of, like... astronomical thing?"
    HAGAMI: "Pffft..."
    MANA: "What? No. See?"
    She shows me her paperback. It's not quite the same as the one from yesterday, but it has the same sky motif on the front cover.
    MANA: "I'm on volume 5 but there are 8 volumes in the arc. And if there's another run I don't know if they'll reveal the answer in the arc at all!"
    MANA: "It's a supernatural murder mystery, see?"
    HAGAMI: "Romance."
    MANA: "Well that too. But if it's a kiss with a ghost does it really count?"
    HAGAMI: "A true mystery."
    TAKERU: "Alright, slow down. You guys just read I guess?"
    MANA: "I'm gonna make a mystery of my own maybe. I've got some of the illustrations done, but it's tough going. Hagami's writing."
    Hagami's mouth is a horizontal line, but her eyes... she looks kind of alarmed.
    MANA: "...Maybe it's not something really worth presenting at the festival."
    TAKERU: "Don't look so down, I'm, er, sure it's a worthwhile project."
    MANA: "I guess Hagami does her stuff as well."
    Hagami declines to meet my gaze.
    MANA: "Show him your book."
    She just gestures at the spine. It's something foreign. "Confessio Fraternitatis?"
    HAGAMI: "Rosicrucian."
    TAKERU: "Could've fooled me, I thought it was Latin. I'm not sure I get it."
    Hagami opens her mouth but thinks better of it. Then she whispers something to Mana.
    MANA: "Hagami says it's a religion thing. Or uh, not a religion. It's... eso-something? You mean a cult?"
    Hagami gives up.
    MANA: "But yeah, Hagami's the best."
    MANA: "She's serious about this stuff. Actual mysteries from beyond! That's why she'll make the best writer."
    TAKERU: "Right."
    Hagami starts whispering again.
    MANA: "No. No. Yeah I know. No. Pleeease? Okay. No."
    MANA: "Scratch that. Takeru, do you know anything about the supernatural."
    TAKERU: "Ghosts and angels and demons and stuff like that?"
    Hagami sighs and starts in again to Mana.
    MANA: "Okay, so, the supernatural is really about, uh, spirits? No? Then what... Mysteries are what then? Oh leave them out of it. What?"
    MANA: "Hagami says the supernatural is not about demons and angels, but it's more about demons and angels than it is about romantic first kisses with ghosts."
    Mana pouts.
    MANA: "If you see any angels wandering around you should totally let me know though! And I guess if you see any Rosicrucians, Hagami would be interested."
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    MANA: "But if you want, Takeru, I can lend you volume one of Starset Sunrise!"
    TAKERU: "Er, I'll have to pass for today."
    MANA: "Fine, fine... Hagami, do you have any book recommendations?"
    TAKERU: "Oh, no, no thank you, I'm fine for a while thanks!"
    MANA: "Huh?"
    Hagami crosses her arms.
    MANA: "Oh well, I guess you don't have to join..."
    MANA: "Four members is the minimum size for a club anyway, at least if it wants any sort of recognition. I think at two members we might get shut down..."
    MANA: "Not that we really had much for the festival anyway. Hagami, you weren't going to - "
    Hagami starts vigorously shaking her head. Weren't going to what?
    MANA: "Guess not. We'll just enjoy the festival with everyone else! The fireworks will be wonderful I'm sure."
    There's another silence between Mana and Hagami, like Mana just misspoke. Half the conversation is wordless.
    In the unease, I check my watch. Almost time to go.
    MANA: "Hagami, got any other projects coming up?"
    Hagami looks at me, then back to Mana. I can't tell if she's frustrated about something from earlier or just because I happen to be here.
    MANA: "I was just wondering, sorry. The swim team's got an extra practice scheduled this week so I wanted to make sure I'd have time."
    She gets the same look from Hagami. I get... not quite a glare? But Hagami seems legitimately frightened.
    MANA: "Sorry Hagami, isn't this what you..."
    MANA: "Hey Takeru, I don't..."
    TAKERU: "I'll head out. I think it's almost time for class anyway."
    MANA: "Sorry! Hagami doesn't mean to be rude, it's just..."
    Hagami stands up and I expect her to shout at me. But instead she just stares at the floor. Her hands are clenched into fists.
    For her part, Mana just offers a weak smile.
    MANA: "Hope you'll come back tomorrow?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah."
    The door closes.
    Hopefully she won't be expecting me just because my answer sounded vaguely affirmative.
    Mana is alright. I can appreciate friendly people, even if they have some stranger interests. Hagami though...
    I can't tell if she hates me, dislikes me, or just prefers her peace and quiet. No matter which, it's nothing good.
    
    Back in class, I get some bad news. Even though I've probably missed half the content already, I'm expected to take the upcoming chemistry test.
    It could be worse I guess. I'll just borrow notes from Meiko or someone.
    At the end of the day, I catch her on the way out.
    TAKERU: "Hi Meiko."
    MEIKO: "Oh, it's Takeru. Good afternoon."
    She beams.
    TAKERU: "Do you have chemistry notes from last week I could check out by any chance? You know, the week I transferred in?"
    MEIKO: "You came to the right person. I always keep an extra set of notes in case someone's absent that day."
    MEIKO: "But... oh, that's right, Ikeda was in the hospital that week so I'm down my copy. Do you want to come to our study group instead?"
    TAKERU: "Study group? I guess. Is that today?"
    MEIKO: "Tomorrow. Come find me after class."
    TAKERU: "Right. Thanks, you've done a whole lot for me already."
    MEIKO: "It's nothing, really."
    I can tell she appreciates the sentiment by her smile though. At least that's what I think it is.
    TAKERU: "You mentioned this morning that the student council was looking for volunteers."
    MEIKO: "That's correct."
    MEIKO: "W-Well, I don't necessarily need help per se, but I'm only one person and there's a council's worth of work to get done. It's not tough stuff, I just can't be everywhere at once."
    TAKERU: "I'll volunteer."
    MEIKO: "Are you sure?"
    Her face is blank. I kind of thought she'd be glad about this.
    TAKERU: "I just thought..."
    TAKERU: "Look, I owe you a lot, not just for helping me around Mirako. I don't exactly have a clean conscience about five years ago when - "
    MEIKO: "Don't - "
    She closes her eyes, then returns to her usual smiling, serence self.
    MEIKO: "You don't owe me anything Takeru. But I'd be glad for any kind of assistance with the festival work. It'd be rude of me to decline, especially after I asked..."
    MEIKO: "Ah, it's so painful to ask in the first place..."
    MEIKO: "But thank you. That would be much appreciated.
    TAKERU: "What can I do for you then?"
    MEIKO: "Come find me tomorrow. We have a bunch of applications that need corrections before we can use them on the programs."
    TAKERU: "Okay. I'll see what I can do."
    MEIKO: "Thanks Takeru! You're the best."
    I'm far from it. But I'm not so terrible that I can just let my past mistakes slide.
    I want to say I'm not a coward in that way... but I am. There are still things I can't face.
    
    Outside, the crowd has thinned out a bit. There's a cool breeze that offers some relief from the day, and several students are sitting around working on the outdoor tables.
    Meiko of course had one of her many meetings to attend and won't be headed home right away.
    I suppose Kenta has already started home.
    There's something on the edge of my vision... I least I hope it's there in reality.
    It's... a finger?
    TAKERU: "Kenta! Don't sneak up on people."
    KENTA: "Hello Takeru."
    TAKERU: "You can actually tap my shoulder, you know. That's fine."
    KENTA: "I wouldn't want to be rude."
    That sounds accusatory.
    Oh, right.
    TAKERU: "Hello Kenta. You are allowed to tap on my shoulder, you don't have to ghost tap it. How am I supposed to notice that?"
    KENTA: "I'm not sure. How should I get your attention then?"
    TAKERU: "My name works. Since when have you been shy about this? How long ago was it you woke me up by pounding on my forehead."
    KENTA: "Sorry?"
    TAKERU: "Never mind, never mind... Are you headed back?"
    KENTA: "I'm headed into town today."
    TAKERU: "Oh, right. The hobby shop?"
    My heart sinks a bit. I forgot about that obligation.
    KENTA: "Hobby shop? Why would I go there?"
    KENTA: "I'm headed to the hardware store. It's incredibly difficult to adjust display stands without needle-nosed pliers."
    TAKERU: "I'm sure it is."
    KENTA: "It is."
    TAKERU: "Well, enjoy yourself."
    KENTA: "Goodbye."
    He sets off down the road.
    Should I do the same? I feel like another day cooped up in the dorm wouldn't do me any wonders.
    Plus the thought of all those dead bugs hanging out in the dresser keeping me company doesn't sound all that great.
    Maybe I'll get started studying...
    I was never an academic powerhouse at Tohoku but there was really no one who expected it of me. Now that I'm just an ordinary person, it wouldn't do me any favors to start failing tests.
    Not that the prospect of reading through some textbook sounds appealing, even outside in this ideal weather.
    I head back inside.
    
    I originally intended to head back to the classroom or to find the main library or somewhere else nondescript to work.
    Instead, I now find myself in the unused wing.
    The door to the old library is open and the room is empty. The radio is missing from the central table.
    Even though no one's there, I feel like if I'm in this room I should either be reading about alchemy as opposed to chemistry. Instead I head downstairs.
    That's right. There was another unusual room down here.
    And...
    What was her name?
    It doesn't take too long to locate the tea room. All the other classrooms down here are disused, abandoned, and devoid of any furnishing but a layer of dust.
    All the other rooms have their curtains open though. This one doesn't.
    TAKERU: "Anyone home?"
    No reply.
    I barely avoid killing myself on the low table and open the windows.
    Whatever her name was, she's not here.
    I set my things on the floor and pull out my textbook. My bookbag has sadly gained weight over the past few days. I'm still a new student here, but the emphasis is on "student" now.
    The stuff is incomprehensible though. I might as well be reading Hagami's thesis on meta-metaphysics.
    This old-fashioned room doesn't help my concetrantion though.
    Why did I come down her? Did I expect to find someone here?
    Without any reason to it, I prepare myself a cup of tea.
    Too hot. This room might be fine in the winter, but it's still too summerlike out for this to comfortable with a hot beverage. I leave the teacup on the tabletop to walk to the window.
    It opens, thankfully. The breeze is a welcome improvement. The view off to the side of Mirako's hill isn't all that bad either.
    I could see getting used to this place.
    Maybe that's why she was always down here.
    Who again?
    TAKERU: "Hikari."
    I mumble her name. That was it, right?
    HIKARI: "Hello."
    TAKERU: "Ah! What the - "
    TAKERU: "When did you get here?"
    HIKARI: "I just came in. Did you say my name?"
    TAKERU: "No. I mean, yes, I did, but..."
    She smirks.
    TAKERU: "What are you doing here?"
    HIKARI: "It's my room, after all, but I'll forgive your rudeness. You... So you did say my name."
    TAKERU: "Hikari. I mean it's a nice name and all, I guess I just don't understand the importance."
    HIKARI: "There are a lot of things I don't understand."
    Hikari takes a seat at the table. In front of my tea.
    TAKERU: "Classes are over. Aren't you headed home?"
    HIKARI: "If I was in class, I would never get to spend time in here, would I?"
    TAKERU: "I don't know. I was under the impression you never left."
    HIKARI: "Like a shutin?"
    TAKERU: "I guess."
    I laugh. I'm not really sure why she strikes me as so strange. In the afternoon light, she still looks two shades paler than the faded falls, but there's some color to her cheeks.
    HIKARI: "So you're a student here. That's right."
    TAKERU: "Yeah."
    HIKARI: "I'm sorry, I forgot your name. Could you remind me?"
    TAKERU: "Is that a joke?"
    HIKARI: "No. I sincerely apologize."
    I take my seat in front of the textbook.
    TAKERU: "Takeru. I'm a transfer, remember?"
    HIKARI: "That's right. I'll never forget you, okay?"
    TAKERU: "Okay?"
    HIKARI: "So don't forget about me."
    This all seems very heartfelt... so why does she speak with such a monotone?
    TAKERU: "Okay."
    TAKERU: "...You seem awfully interested in that tea."
    HIKARI: "It's... nothing."
    Her nose twitches. It's a funny gesture on Hikari's otherwise stoic face.
    HIKARI: "Are you studying?"
    TAKERU: "I have no nothing better to do. Sorry if I crashed your room. This seems to be happening a lot lately. I'll head out if you like."
    HIKARI: "That's fine. You should stay."
    TAKERU: "Alright."
    HIKARI: "...You said you're a student, right?"
    I really don't understand her. Didn't we go over this?
    TAKERU: "That isn't a problem, is it?"
    HIKARI: "D-do you mind... telling me how things are?"
    TAKERU: "What do you mean?"
    HIKARI: "Just... What's going on? What are classes like? You know lots of people, right?"
    TAKERU: "Sorry, I've only been here a couple days now."
    HIKARI: "Oh..."
    In that moment she seems very distant.
    TAKERU: "I mean... I guess it's a productive atmosphere? I don't know. I can't really read the mood of the whole school. Everyone's looking forward to the festival I guess."
    TAKERU: "Apart from that, you probably know better than me. You've been here... at least since the beginning of the year, right?"
    Hikari is silent again.
    HIKARI: "This will be my third year here."
    TAKERU: "Ah, so you're the same year as me."
    HIKARI: "...I just don't know many people."
    I look around this cluttered room. I can imagine. Anyone spending time down here would be considered a recluse.
    HIKARI: "Have you ever had something happen to you, something so significant, that afterwards, you just couldn't connect with people the same way as before?"
    TAKERU: "That's a pretty good summary of my life at this point."
    HIKARI: "Maybe you can relate then, but..."
    HIKARI: "I'm sorry, this is all very abrupt and you hardly know me. I'm sure this is a little creepy."
    I honestly find her strange manners more creepy than what she's saying. Her hands remain in her lap and her gaze seems to be fixed straight ahead, somewhere behind me.
    TAKERU: "No, I'm not weirded out, if that's what you're asking."
    HIKARI: "If you're a transfer I guess that means you weren't here last year."
    TAKERU: "Right."
    HIKARI: "..."
    She's now staring at my untouched tea again, on the table in front of her.
    TAKERU: "Help yourself if you want. It's probably cooled off by now."
    HIKARI: "...What? Oh. Was I that obvious?"
    TAKERU: "Well you've either been staring at the tea or out the window for the past half hour."
    HIKARI: "Sorry, I must seem terribly odd."
    TAKERU: "Trust me I've met stranger people the past few days."
    Hikari seems to be alright with that answer. She remains seated with that awkward posture though.
    I read a page or two from the textbook but it's hard to concentrate with her in the room, sitting there motionless.
    It's hard to tell if she's intruding in my space or I've wandered into hers. Probably the latter.
    TAKERU: "What exactly do you do in here?"
    HIKARI: "I read sometimes. I enjoy chess. Tea is nice. And when I can manage it, the window is..."
    She trails off. That's an odd collection of hobbies.
    TAKERU: "Oh. Well, I didn't mean to spook you by wandering in here. I was honestly just looking for the library."
    HIKARI: "It's just upstairs."
    TAKERU: "Isn't that the old library though?"
    HIKARI: "...I guess."
    HIKARI: "The real library would be, let's see..."
    She describes how to get there, but I realize I've actually walked past it several times already.
    What's stranger is watching her how to describe how to get somewhere without using any hand gestures. She uses no body language.
    TAKERU: "Thanks... I should get going then."
    HIKARI: "Really?"
    TAKERU: "This is obviously your space, so..."
    HIKARI: "What's my name?"
    TAKERU: "Hikari. What?"
    HIKARI: "That must've seemed very strange. Forget I said that. It wasn't anything."
    TAKERU: "Right?"
    HIKARI: "You should stay, Takeru. You haven't finished your tea."
    TAKERU: "I don't know why I made that. It's pretty much still summer out there."
    HIKARI: "The smell of tea is invigorating. It's a memory aid and it should help you study better."
    HIKARI: "...I can help you study, you know."
    TAKERU: "Oh yeah? You're a chemistry expert?"
    HIKARI: "Here. Let me see the book."
    TAKERU: "It's all yours."
    I push it over to her and take my tea in return. Hikari makes no effort to reposition the book and simply stares down at it.
    HIKARI: "I'll read the chemical symbol. You answer. I'll tell you if you're wrong."
    TAKERU: "A quiz already...? Right, okay. What's first?"
    My performance is pretty poor, considering I never went over this stuff in the first place and my studying here amounted to all of five minutes.
    In all likelihood it would be more effective for me to just read the book myself instead of having Hikari practically read it out loud to me.
    Her face and her steady voice don't betray any hint that she's getting anything out of this, but I must imagine she takes some pride in it if she's willing to keep it up.
    All in all, I guess it's better than nothing.
    TAKERU: "Thanks Hikari, that was helpful."
    At the mention or her name she turns her head a bit.
    HIKARI: "My pleasure. But you're going to need to work a bit harder if you want to pass this class."
    TAKERU: "Isn't that why I'm studying? Right, I'll keep it up though."
    TAKERU: "See you later."
    HIKARI: "Goodbye."
    She stands in the doorway and offers an awkward wave.
    Mirako has its share of odd people.
    At least everyone's friendly enough.
    I was suspecting revulsion or suspicion. At least from the average kids from town. Maybe my particular quirks aren't showing as strong as I think.
    But then again, maybe revulsion and suspicion is more what I expected from myself. If you had shown me these people six months ago, or even introduced me to myself...
    I wonder if I would be so sympathetic?
    And so I find it difficult to judge anyone too harshly.
