label day03a:

    Morning in our room is a nightmare.
    For once I was allowed to sleep in, but as soon as I wake up I realize at what cost.
    TAKERU: "Kenta."
    KENTA: "Good morning Takeru."
    TAKERU: "What is this?"
    KENTA: "What is what? And you're supposed to say 'good morning.'"
    TAKERU: "Good morning Kenta."
    KENTA: "Good morning Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Now what is... this?"
    I gesture at the carnage at the foot of my bed.
    TAKERU: "Why are there coins all over the floor? Why are there clothes all over the dressers? Where are the dresser drawers?"
    KENTA: "I'm categorizing the coins for storage. They're kind of taking up a lot of space."
    TAKERU: "Well I'm glad you've wised up about that one. Does this mean I get my dresser back?"
    KENTA: "Your dresser? I thought we shared a dresser."
    TAKERU: "Er, yeah, but I didn't exactly... Let me just get my clothes."
    No sooner do I step out of bed then Kenta leaps up in terror.
    KENTA: "Hey! Watch out!"
    TAKERU: "What?"
    KENTA: "Your foot! You're standing in the Americas collection. That's sorted by date you know."
    I look down. It's all coins to me.
    Actually, I'm pretty much trapped by coins. Surrounded. 
    KENTA: "If you need to get up, we can move some of the collections."
    TAKERU: "I'm sorry Kenta, I need to get up to Mirako for lunch. Can you just throw me my clothes or something?"
    KENTA: "Are you looking for a patterned shirt today or color? The socks are coded by their matches as well, one per shirt. You'll find I have a good eye for men's fashion as well."
    TAKERU: "Can you even say that with a straight face? Your shirt's on backwards again."
    KENTA: "Oh. So it is."
    TAKERU: "Just tell me where I can find some pants."
    Kenta points at the top of what should by all rights be my dresser. A stack of tightly folded clothes lie on top, but the dresser itself is surrounded by a minefield of coins.
    KENTA: "Semi-formal and formal are over there. Casual clothes I've temporarily relocated to the bathroom."
    TAKERU: "You know what, I'm just going back to bed."
    Just as I was starting to think I could find some sense of normalcy here. Oh well.
    It takes me twice as long as it should to traverse the dorm via a tiptoe and jumps, and not without a few nervous admonishments from Kenta.
    
    By the time I find myself outside it's already noon. My only consolation is that when I return, I might actually have some private space in my own room.
    Well, or I could have a dresser full of trifolded socks, but I need to think positive ahead of my meeting with Meiko.
    Meeting sounds too formal. It certainly isn't a date. I don't know how she so nonchalantly managed to ask me to catch up over coffee.
    She doesn't feel awkward about our parting at all? Even so, it's just the way things go that opposite sex friendships fall apart towards middle school.
    For her to be so self-assured seems like she's got everything figured out already.
    And it's also not what I would've expected of her.
    While I'm not feeling nervous, I'm more... incredulous? Or ashamed I can't greet my friend with a clean conscience? Again, there's no good word for it. 
    ...
    It's no use worrying now. I need to pick up my pace if I want to get up this hill at a reasonable hour.
    
    I arrive at the gate sweating a bit from extertion. Mirako still seems so hot this late in the summer.
    Where was I supposed to meet Meiko again? She said she had business with the student council or something?
    In the distance I here a dull clang.
    An aluminum bat meeting a ball.
    What should be nostalgic instead sets me on edge. I'll wait inside.
    MEIKO: "Takeru! You made it."
    TAKERU: "Ah! Hi. I didn't see you, sorry."
    It's like she was lying in ambush at the school doors.
    MEIKO: "I was waiting outside but the sun started to get to me."
    TAKERU: "Sorry for keeping you, I ran into some... issues at my dorm."
    MEIKO: "Haha, you'll have to tell me about. You room with Kenta, right?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah."
    MEIKO: "Well first why don't we figure out where we're going?"
    TAKERU: "I'm sorry if I'm not much help deciding."
    MEIKO: "Don't worry about that. There's a good cafe in town I know. Let's start walking now though, it'd be a shame to get there and it turns out they've stopped serving lunch.
    We head back the way I came.
    The conversation isn't as bad as I'd expect. Meiko seems to know all about the acquaintances I left behind at the old middle school we used to attend together. She remembers a lot more of them than I do.
    But I notice she confines herself to those short years between when I left and when she must've come to Mirako.
    I wonder...
    We both grew up a long ways from here. What prompted her move.
    I do my best to ask about those half-friends I haven't thought of in years, but I'm still uneasy. Meiko's laugh seems so natural.
    The fierce wind is welcome in the face of the midday heat. Only that purple ribbon clip of Meiko's stays fixed as her hair billows in the breeze.
    Finally we reach the base of the hill and the town of Mirako proper.
    TAKERU: "This is the second time walking that road this morning... Why'd they go and build a school on top of a hill?"
    MEIKO: "You have to admit it's quite the view, though."
    TAKERU: "True."
    To tell the truth I've more been concentrating on avoiding any bombshells in the conversation than on admiring the scenery.
    TAKERU: "Where's this coffee shop?"
    MEIKO: "Just down the main road a ways."
    MEIKO: "Mirako's a great town. You can find whatever you need if you know where to looks. Bookstores, fast food, a movie theater, good restaurants... not that I can really afford the restaurants, haha."
    MEIKO: "It's just all a little more spread out than a big city. Do you have a bike?"
    TAKERU: "No. I think I'd die on that road up to school."
    She laughs again.
    MEIKO: "Maybe, maybe. I haven't invested in one myself. Again, a little short on funds..."
    MEIKO: "I honestly don't come into town too often. There's always so much work to do at school."
    TAKERU: "You seem to have your fingers in a lot of pots."
    MEIKO: "Hmm, it does look that way, doesn't it?"
    MEIKO: "But I guess it's nice to be appreciate as a class rep, and for what I get done with the council and the other boards... You can't let anyone down."
    She looks away. At first I wonder if she's trying to hide her expression, but instead she points out a building on the corner.
    MEIKO: "That's the place."
    
    It's called the "Cat's Corner Cafe." The interior is small.
    I almost expected Meiko's favorite place to be little more upscale, but I guess that'd be difficult to afford on a student's budget.
    Business seems slow, too. A few old men reading newspapers, a young man with a laptop, a middle-aged couple grabbing a late lunch...
    It still doesn't feel at all like a place that'd be frequented by high school students.
    TAKERU: "I have no idea what to order at a place like this."
    MEIKO: "The sandwiches are pretty good. A turkey melt maybe?"
    TAKERU: "What are you getting."
    MEIKO: "Just a small coffee. I actually brought lunch and ate with the student council members up at Mirako..."
    TAKERU: "Huh."
    She blushes.
    MEIKO: "Sorry, it'd be rude to not eat with them and I didn't want to head out early. I should've had half a meal here and half there I guess. Sorry Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Don't worry about it. Showing me around Mirako is well, more than I deserve already."
    Meiko mostly talks about the town while I eat. 
    It'll take some getting used to. A commute by train is more what I'm used to, but a town in the country has its own charm, I guess.
    It seems like most of the Mirako students stick to their dorms and the few movie theaters and other entertainment spots that cater to students.
    Is there much of a divide between the native Mirako students and those who moved here specifically for the school's specialty?
    When I'm done, Meiko gets a strange look on her face and asks a question I knew would come eventually.
    MEIKO: "How was Tohoku then? You were the star of course, right?"
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    TAKERU: "Yeah. It was a dream come true, really."
    TAKERU: "When I graduated from junior high, I was on the starting rotation right away."
    TAKERU: "I guess the scouts were right. I just did my thing, and I gave even the players at the very top a run for their money. I was one of the guys pretty fast."
    TAKERU: "Most of my classmates were pretty impressed. Pretty much everyone at school knew me, even if I didn't know them."
    TAKERU: "There's even a good chance I would've been the starter at the championship series."
    TAKERU: "It's funny, wasn't that I was always talking about? I was dreaming about that since I was kid."
    It's the truth. I don't even flatter myself. I was world class, and it was the time of my life. Only in retrospect is it something I can't feel quite right about.
    MEIKO: "I knew you had it in you. Even in middle school I could tell you were gifted."
    TAKERU: "Thanks..."
    MEIKO: "I'm sorry if it's personal, but, then why are you here?"
    Time for a total fabrication. Sorry Meiko. Five years ago I could never lie to you but things are different. We're older.
    TAKERU: "Er, I just sort of petered out. I lost a few games, and you know..."
    MEIKO: "What?"
    TAKERU: "They didn't want to renew my scholarship, and some other stuff came up. I sure couldn't afford that place if I wasn't on the baseball team, and the doctors and everyone sort of recommended Mirako, and..."
    TAKERU: "Well, here I am."
    MEIKO: "..."
    TAKERU: "I guess it was a waste of five years, huh?"
    MEIKO: "I wouldn't say that. You went after your dream right?"
    TAKERU: "I guess."
    It's painful to keep lying to her but less painful than the alternative.
    MEIKO: "I'm glad then."
    TAKERU: "Glad?"
    MEIKO: "That's what I resolved to do as well."
    Meiko keeps biting her lip. Her coffee is empty.
    MEIKO: "You remember when I lost my parents, right?"
    TAKERU: "We were what, nine years old? Traffic accident. I'd never forget that."
    MEIKO: "No, you're a good person. You wouldn't."
    MEIKO: "How did I seem then, those couple of years?"
    TAKERU: "I guess... Lost. You wouldn't go anywhere. I had to drag you out of your aunt and uncle's hosue to even get you to study. I thought you'd get held back."
    MEIKO: "Haha... Was I really that bad? You know you were really the only one pushing me back then."
    MEIKO: "I didn't know what to do. I'm not a baseball star. My life was inside out and I didn't have any big dream like that. I was..."
    TAKERU: "Aimless."
    Current me can sympathize. Past me really didn't.
    This whole conversation I feel like I've walked off a cliff and this is freefall. I don't want to remember this. Until now I've done a good job at locking it away.
    MEIKO: "Right. It's only since I've come to Mirako that I've found anything like your dream."
    MEIKO: "I'll get top marks, I'll get to a good college. From there, law school. I'm not sure if it's politics or academics after that, but..."
    She laughs.
    MEIKO: "I know I can do it. It's expected of me."
    TAKERU: "You did seem really unfamiliar at first. It was a different you."
    MEIKO: "Was it that noticeable?"
    Like night and day.
    MEIKO: "Maybe Mirako will help you out like that too. You can find a new dream."
    TAKERU: "Maybe..."
    MEIKO: "You know, you've seemed strange to me as well. Takeru, when we were kids, you were so open with me. I remember you as a very heartfelt person."
    MEIKO: "But you're always so uneasy."
    Was it that noticeable?
    TAKERU: "It's..."
    TAKERU: "Were you really okay when I left for Tohoku?"
    She looks away, just for a second.
    MEIKO: "What do you mean?"
    TAKERU: "Looks, I know we were good friends..."
    MEIKO: "Of course. You got me through those really difficult years. You meant the world to me."
    TAKERU: "Meiko when I got that scholarship I left without a trace. Did I even say goodbye?"
    MEIKO: "...I don't remember."
    TAKERU: "I got your letters."
    MEIKO: "I wondered about that."
    I want to say I felt guilty back then. But I didn't. There were more pressing things. It's only now that I regret anything at all.
    TAKERU: "I'm sorry. I was practicing every day, and there were a million people who all wanted to hang out, and I could never find time."
    MEIKO: "It's alright. You were chasing what you'd always wanted."
    MEIKO: "I knew you got that scholarship. If I held you back, that'd make me a terrible person."
    TAKERU: "I could've at least not just vanished."
    MEIKO: "To tell the truth I was..."
    She stops for a moment. Her expression freezes. I was always garbage at reading people. What's going through her mind right now?
    As for me, I'm just... anxious. She should be offended I even have the nerve to look at her straight.
    MEIKO: "Glad. Sure I missed you. But I didn't want to stand in your way and if staying in touch or saying your goodbyes would've made it harder for you... Then I can't hold it against you."
    TAKERU: "No way."
    MEIKO: "Who knows? If you hadn't left for Tohoku, maybe I'd still be wandering around that little town looking for something to do."
    MEIKO: "But instead I'm at Mirako, and I have a pretty good plan. That's right. A bachelor's degree from a good college, then a master's in law. No broken promises. I can do it."
    TAKERU: "Sounds like you've made the best of things."
    MEIKO: "That's right. In ten years I won't remember middle school or my aunt and uncle or any of that, so what does the past matter?"
    TAKERU: "Is that really it?"
    MEIKO: "That's it. Takeru, you don't need to feel guilty at all. I'm almost grateful. And I forgave you a long time ago."
    I feel like I can finally breathe again.
    TAKERU: "You don't know how much that means to me."
    Meiko just laughs. Almost forlorn.
    TAKERU: "I'll do my best to make it up to you."
    MEIKO: "There's nothing to make up. Just worry about getting yourself situated at Mirako. I know it can't be easy."
    TAKERU: "Thank you, Meiko."
    I can say her name without wincing.
    MEIKO: "Come on, let's head back to Mirako."
    
    We set off for the Mirako on a different path that wraps around the other side of the hill.
    Supposedly this is to give me a chance to appreciate the scenery of the countryside.
    Mostly though, I can't focus on the scenery over this headache. It's not quite the same sensation as knuckles rapping against my skull, but more like against my brain.
    There's something concussive about it.
    Meiko and I weren't inseperable when we were growing up. We were friends, maybe even best friends, but I always had the other boys at school.
    It's all very dim. Did she know anyone else, really? After the accident it seemed like her aunt and uncle never really liked her out of the house much.
    Her version of our shared childhood sounds more than what I remember. It feels like my memories are being messed with and my beating head is my mental alarms going off.
    Or I'm overthinking things again. Why would she hate me for leaving? I had a scholarship from one of the most prestigious high schools in the country. Who could blame me?
    Shouldn't I just accept her forgiveness and move on? Why is there part of me that pushes back?
    Even with the sun lowered in the sky, the heat hasn't receded and the humidity isn't helping me make sense of things.
    MEIKO: "Here we are."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    She calls me over to a guardrail on the side of the road where the vegetation fades away.
    MEIKO: "Beautiful, isn't it?"
    TAKERU: "I... right, that sure is something."
    Below the rail, the hill drops out into a cliff. We're at a higher elevation than I thought and I take a step back at the vertigo.
    We're facing away from the town. Instead, there are only hills, farms, and scattered trees to the mountains in the distance.
    Caught up in my own problems as I am, it's hard to not to appreciate the view.
    MEIKO: "Pretty impressive, isn't it?"
    TAKERU: "A little overwhelming actually."
    MEIKO: "Haha, overwhelming?"
    TAKREU: "It's been a long time since I've really been outside I guess."
    MEIKO: "I'm sorry, that's right. I won't pry. Everyone's here for some reason I guess..."
    Meiko frowns hard enough to scare me, but she keeps talking as if I should forget she said anything.
    MEIKO: "But I used to be out here all the time my first year here. Just wandering around?"
    That sounds more like the Meiko I remember.
    MEIKO: "I'd take the long road home or just come out whenever I felt like it to catch the sunset."
    MEIKO: "Want to stick around and watch?"
    TAKERU: "The sunset?"
    For today and for her absolution, I figure I owe it to her.
    TAKERU: "Sure. I guess it shouldn't be long, right?"
    MEIKO: "The days are getting shorter now, probably not."
    Somewhere out in the fields a cuckoo calls.
    MEIKO: "It almost reminds of that time we got lost on the train, remember? And we got to the park late?"
    TAKERU: "...Not really."
    ...
    TAKERU: "My memory's shaky, sorry. We've got some time, so why don't you tell me?
    MEIKO: "Alright. It was a pretty important day for me after all."
    
    VOICE: "We were both twelve. It was about a month after the accident. Mom and Dad were resting with my dad's side of the family, the rich ones."
    VOICE: "They were maybe four hours away by train. Auntie sure wasn't going to take me up there. On my own I don't think I would've made the trip."
    I vaguely remember that. There was a park she wanted to visit, desperately. Up north somewhere. It was supposed to be a mountain covered in cedars.
    Around that time there was very little else she wanted to do.
    VOICE: "I don't know how I got you onto that train, haha. I'm sorry if I was a little pushy."
    ...
    A moment of clarity in the fog.
    
    TAKERU: "Sorry. I've got a ball game tomorrow. Shun's coming back from vacation and he hasn't played pickup in ages!"
    MEIKO: "...oh."
    MEIKO: "Then... are you doing anything today? This afternoon?"
    TAKERU: "Dunno. Let me see. Mooooom!"
    ...
    We arrive at the train station soon after. My parents were a little trepidatious about the whole thing, but they knew Meiko's circumstances.
    They even gave us money for the train.
    I'm distracted, as usual.
    Meiko probably wasn't thinking right.
    TAKERU: "Did you see that man on the station? With the cane?"
    MEIKO: "Sorry, I didn't."
    TAKERU: "He was holding up the line trying to order tickets. Wonder what the cane was for? He looked like he could walk fine."
    MEIKO: "I wonder."
    TAKERU: "I hope I never get hurt that bad where I can't walk."
    MEIKO: "No more baseball?"
    TAKERU: "Exactly! And carrying a cane everywhere looks like a pain."
    She laughs, quietly. I don't understand.
    But as the train slows down, her expression changes.
    MEIKO: "Takeru! We're on the wrong train! We're going backwards. What do we do?"
    TAKERU: "We get off and turn around, silly. Come on!"
    Before I can finish speaking, the doors slide open.
    Is this a popular stop? I have to practically haul Meiko out before the doors close again.
    MEIKO: "Phew!"
    TAKERU: "Let's go! We gotta find another train or it'll be too late to do anything when we get there."
    MEIKO: "Coming!"
    ...
    This far north, this hour of day, this time of the year... It's chilly outside the station.
    The road isn't long. It's some suburb.
    There are a few houses here that are absolutely huge. Not mansions, per se, just the ostentatiously large variety of home that the rich-but-not-mega-rich use to flaunt their wealth.
    I gaze up at a third floor bedroom, framed against the overcast sky.
    MEIKO: "C'mon, Takeru. What'll we do if it gets dark?"
    TAKERU: "We're fine."
    But I follow in silence as we come up to this park of Meiko's.
    We pass over a foothill and the road inclines. The houses are now smaller and sparse.
    The very last building is a shop. It doesn't look quite like junk, or even an antique store. Souveneirs maybe?
    There's a curve ahead.
    TAKERU: "Just up the steps, right?"
    MEIKO: "Yeah?"
    It's a series of paved stairs under a sign advertising the entrance. Cedar Park and Cemetary.
    I take the steps two at a time. Meiko trails behind.
    At the top, the stairs open out onto a fenced terrace. Benches line a circular path in front of a grove. Beyond, just the first row of grave markers is visible.
    I turn around. Meiko is still on her way up... I guess there were more stairs than I thought if even I'm out of breath.
    But beyond her, the terrace overlooks the road and part of the town. It's captivating.
    MEIKO: "I'll keep on going, I guess."
    TAKERU: "Ah! Don't sneak up behind me."
    MEIKO: "Sorry."
    TAKERU: "You don't want to check out the view first? I think I can see that four story house from here."
    Her back is already turned. There's a slump to her shoulders.
    It would probably rude of me to follow her back to her parents' grave.
    The benches aren't very comfortable for my wait, unfortunately.
    Back at the fence, I think I can spot the train station from this height. And if I lean way over, I can just see the roof of the shop at the foot of the path.
    I have nothing better to do. I take the stairs down three at a time.
    The shop looks much less inviting from this angle. Three vintage dresses sit on display in the window.
    I enter anyway.
    WOMAN: "Good afternoon."
    TAKERU: "Hi."
    After greeting the cashier, I poke around, but as I suspected, there's nothing of interest. It's mostly clothes, used books, and the odd antique piece of carpentry or farming equipment.
    WOMAN: "Can I help you with anything?"
    TAKERU: "Nothing, thanks. Just looking. Actually..."
    A hatbox on the counter catches my interest. It's filled with hairclips, each adorned with a different bow.
    TAKERU: "Could I buy one of those?"
    WOMAN: "Sure. Which color?"
    TAKERU: "Doesn't matter."
    She seems happy for the business, and at least now I have something for Meiko.
    As the door closes behind me, I feel the oddest sensation.
    It's like an out of body experience.
    ...
    VOICE: "I cried my eyes out, of course."
    VOICE: "And then you weren't there when I came back. I panicked for a second, but then I heard the bell on the shop door and I ran over to the fence."
    VOICE: "You were running up the stairs of course. Two at a time."
    I hear the jingle and the slam of the door.
    From the top of the terrace I watch myself start up the stairs.
    ...
    This is going to be a cold walk back to the station. The wind is bad enough up here as is.
    When I reach the top of steps, my breath is ragged. I almost don't notice Meiko at the top,
    gazing over the fence into the clouds.
    In the direction of her gaze...
    There's a streak of violet in the sky as the sun goes down.
    TAKERU: "Are you all set?"
    MEIKO: "...I think so. Thanks for coming Takeru."
    She sniffs.
    TAKERU: "I got this for you. It's not much, but..."
    I pull the clip out of the bag.
    MEIKO: "Takeru, you shouldn't... That's too... Thanks."
    She immediately fixes it in her hair.
    MEIKO: "How's it look?"
    TAKERU: "Just right."
    It fits her like the last puzzle piece. The color suits her perfectly. It's...
    
    menu:
        "Turquoise, just a shade lighter than her eyes"
        
        "Pearl gray, a match to the clouds behind her"
    
    MEIKO: "Thank you so much."
    TAKERU: "It's just a small thing..."
    MEIKO: "I'll treasure it."
    TAKERU: "Right. Aren't you cold?"
    MEIKO: "Oh... I hadn't notcied."
    With the arrival of sundown, the purle in the sky is gone. It's just.. gray.
    TAKERU: "Come on, let's head back to the station. We got here way too late."
    MEIKO: "Sorry, I should've paid more attention to the train, then we'd have more time..."
    TAKERU: "Don't worry about it. It's a story to tell right?"
    MEIKO: "Haha."
    Down the stairs, we walk side by side
    ...
    
    MEIKO: "If I remember your parents gave you an earful for that one."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    MEIKO: "Are you okay Takeru? You look dizzy?"
    Do I feel dizzy? I take a step and almost fall over the rail.
    MEIKO: "Takeru! You're not hurt are you?"
    TAKERU: "Sorry."
    I stand up straight.
    TAKERU: "It's just bad deja vu is all."
    Like a waking dream.
    MEIKO: "Deja vu, huh... Haha, well maybe that's because the sunset's here."
    TAKERU: "Right."
    It's striking. The countryside bathed in warm red radiance...
    I shield my eyes. Meiko stands in front of me. And I stagger again.
    The color.
    Wasn't it...?
    It was purple. That's how I recognized her two days ago. That pinkish color looks so out of place on her.
    I gave it to her when we were kids. Of course I remember it.
    Then why is it...?
    TAKERU: "We should probably head back."
    MEIKO: "It's probably been a long day for you."
    Not in the traditional sense. Did I misremember that one little detail? Do I have some false memory of the past three days?
    Schizophrenia.
    It has to be one of those two options.
    Either the past wasn't real or the future is fake.
    I took my pills this morning, right?
    MEIKO: "You're looking really pale. You're not in great shape, are you?"
    TAKERU: "Not really."
    TAKERU: "Sorry if I'm being ungrateful, Meiko. It's great to see you again and I'm glad we can put what's past behind us."
    MEIKO: "Same here. I wonder what I did to deserve this."
    Her smile is wide.
    We walk the rest of the length in silence.
    Meiko seems pleased, mostly. I'm just confused.
    Probably all that happened was I experienced too many swings today and something just... snapped. Could that be it?
    Should I talk to Dr. Meadow? I've been discharged. Maybe one of Mirako's specialists?
    What would I say? My mind's playing tricks on me? Isn't that to be expected?
    Not too much longer to the dorms now, and I can lie down and try to clear my head.
    Although I doubt how much it'll help.
