label day07:

    I can't sleep. 
    It has to be two hours before my alarm or Kenta would wake me up.
    While the embalmed frogs (two of them now) aren't doing me any favors, I know the real reason I can't get any rest. There's too much going on inside my head.
    There's a subtle feeling that something is fundamentally wrong.
    That Hikari is wrong.
    That I shouldn't know her name, shouldn't talk to her, and even less be able to see her every day.
    But that's not right, is it?
    I roll over in bed again. On top of the dresser, a dead frog returns my distant stare.
    Basically, the way I see it, there's only one way anything makes sense.
    My grip on reality could be even more fragile than I thought, but unless Meiko, Mana, Natsumi and the rest are lying to me in some sort of warped vendetta...
    I think I know Hikari's secret.
    I don't know why I'm allowed to know it, but I know it, and so now I can't sleep.
    TAKERU: "This is awful."
    Of course the only reply is a snore from Kenta.
    TAKERU: "Guess there's no helping it."
    With a yawn, I pull myself out from under the blanket. A hint of sun finds its way in through the window.
    By the time I've showered, eaten, and struggled through Kenta's clothing schemes to dress myself, it's still almost dark out.
    While I could stew in the dorm for another hour or so, I don't think anything will help but fresh air. And maybe some answers at Mirako.
    I'm almost out the door before I take a glance back at Kenta, still passed out on his side of the room.
    If I don't want to deal with the patented wrath of Kenta later, I'd better write him a note.
    That done, I start up the hill to Mirako.
    It's quiet compared to what I'm used to. No people. No cars in the town below. Even the wind seems to have died down today. It's chilly. And also eerie.
    TAKERU: "Kind of fitting..."
    There are one or two students around the front gate when I enter, but it's even too early for those who come here for early practices.
    Homeroom is deserted.
    I take my seat but I feel like an idiot. Nobody will be here for another hour at least.
    Maybe I should've just stayed outside and wandered around a bit, but there's something strange in the air and my mind is blank. This isn't happening.
    What I really want to do is talk this over with someone, but there's no guarantee anyone will have any idea what I'm talking about. And it's not like anyone's around anyway.
    Well... Except for the girl in question herself.
    
    The old wing is familiar by this point, and it's almost indistinguishable from normal. Most people avoid this hallway if they can.
    Everyone except for her, of course.
    I slide open the door to an even more shadowy tearoom than normal. With only the sunrise filtered through the curtains, the atmosphere is suitably supernatural.
    TAKERU: "Hikari. Are you here?"
    HIKARI: "I usually am."
    I almost missed her, sitting in front of an open book, crosslegged, perfect posture.
    HIKARI: "Good morning. You're here early. Not that I mind too much."
    TAKERU: "I hope I didn't interrupt anything important."
    HIKARI: "No."
    TAKERU: "I woke up at some awful hour and couldn't get back to sleep. So... now I'm here."
    TAKERU: "There's just a lot on my mind."
    HIKARI: "Some tea might help."
    TAKERU: "That seems to be your solution for a lot of things."
    HIKARI: "It usually is."
    TAKERU: "Fair enough."
    By the time I have the tea boiling, more light reaches into the room. The chessboard remains untouched from yesterday. Each piece casts a faint shadow.
    Hikari accepts her tea wordlessly, still focused on her book.
    Trying to calm myself now, I sit down.
    TAKERU: "What're you reading?"
    HIKARI: "Just some folktales. It's a collection, nothing much."
    TAKERU: "Right."
    HIKARI: "Are you here to work through yesterday's game? With a bit more attention, and if you escape the trap, you should have a pretty good position. How about it?"
    TAKERU: "Maybe not. There's something else."
    TAKERU: "I heard something strange from Meiko. Do you know her?"
    The pause before she answers is too long.
    HIKARI: "Yes."
    TAKERU: "She said..."
    TAKERU: "Last year's festival, there was some sort of accident. A fire."
    HIKARI: "..."
    HIKARI: "Maybe we should talk about something else."
    I've seen Hikari distant, I've seen her bitter, and once in a while with warmth in her eyes. But never fearful. Her pupils dilate.
    TAKERU: "Sorry, I just need someone to clear this up. I was up all night and I think I'm going crazy."
    TAKERU: "She said someone died. A student, called Hikari."
    TAKERU: "That... Was that you?"
    TAKERU: "You, you aren't here, right? Like, you're here, but, you're..."
    TAKERU: "Was it you that died that day?"
    I expect her to call me crazy. Either that or vanish on the spot. When neither happens, I start thinking I'll probably wake up back in the clinic and it'll be April. Or I've been sleepwalking and Kenta will punch me in the forehead right about now.
    Instead Hikari seems lost in her tea.
    HIKARI: "Why don't we go back to chess."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    HIKARI: "You go over your next move. I'll... take some time and think of mine."
    I think my heartrate is too high to concentrate on the board, but if she wants, I'll give it a try.
    Even after a minute of thinking over my position, I can still feel the adrenaline.
    What's she thinking about? Why am I so nervous?
    At least the game is a distraction. The trap isn't all that hard to spot. As long as I don't make the wrong choice, my king won't end up cornered. There's a clear way out.
    Is it the same for Hikari? Have I inadvertently threatened her?
    HIKARI: "Okay."
    TAKERU: "You're ready?"
    HIKARI: "Do you trust me?"
    TAKERU: "I'm not sure."
    I try for honesty.
    TAKERU: "Something is lying to me. Either it's you, Meiko and Natsumi, or else it's my brain lying to me."
    TAKERU: "I really want to trust you. I want to give it a shot."
    HIKARI: "Take my hand then."
    Same as last time she holds it out over the board. Horizontal, not like a handshake, palm up.
    This time though, she doesn't withdraw.
    I hold her hand.
    It's cold.
    Not cold like I've grabbed a handful of snow, but cool, like I've grabbed a handful of nothing.
    Then... I realize I have grabbed nothing. There is nothing between my fingers. Hikari's eyes are closed, her hand outstretched, but I cannot touch her and she is somewhere else entirely.
    She is not of this world.
    HIKARI: "You see how it is, isn't it?"
    TAKERU: "I-I don't understand."
    HIKARI: "You might've missed some details but you understood before you even came in."
    HIKARI: "It was me that died that day, most likely."
    HIKARI: "Don't ask why I'm still here."
    She chokes on air.
    She strikes me now as more distant, more alien than ever before.
    HIKARI: "Why don't you make your move?"
    TAKERU: "There. I'm moving the king this time. Done."
    HIKARI: "Hikari died from complications from a fire at Mirako's annual festival. And I'm Hikari, stuck here now."
    HIKARI: "Your friend Mana would call me a ghost, right?"
    HIKARI: "Bishop. B3."
    TAKERU: "Done."
    HIKARI: "I'm not sure how much anyone else can see me. All the other students remember who I was as a student, to some extent. They talk to me. They go through the motions."
    HIKARI: "Then the next day it's as if I never existed and I vanished almost a year ago."
    HIKARI: "Since you've come to Mirako, you've met what, how many people? Friendly people, right?"
    TAKERU: "That's right. And it's your move."
    HIKARI: "Building relationships with other people is what it means to be alive. I guess I really must be dead because I can't even do that. I have a day, even less, and then it's all reset to zero."
    TAKERU: "Then how are we talking now?"
    HIKARI: "One of life's mysteries I guess. Maybe you'll find the answer if you go walking around with robes and incense, but I don't think so."
    HIKARI: "You never knew me in life, and you said you had... some condition."
    TAKERU: "Schizophrenia."
    HIKARI: "That does make things complicated."
    She thinks for a moment. I'm about to reply when she gestures at the board for me to move a piece.
    HIKARI: "Do you believe me?"
    TAKERU: "I do."
    HIKARI: "You believe that I'm here, now, and you're talking to me, and not something you're imagining inside your head?"
    TAKERU: "I do."
    HIKARI: "I'm relieved. I really am. You can't imagine how much it means."
    Hikari stands up and stretches, beaming. I think it's the most expressive movement I've ever seen out of her.
    HIKARI: "Ever since you came back that second day I've been terrified you'd forget. You'd forget, or you'd never come back."
    HIKARI: "Now..."
    She sits back down and breathes in.
    HIKARI: "I don't want to impose on you. If that was overwhelming I'm sorry."
    TAKERU: "That's fine. I mean, I'm overwhelmed, but, you shouldn't be sorry."
    HIKARI: "No, I mean, for me, I've been stuck in a circle for year, and then... you, for you I'm one person, if you see."
    HIKARI: "Never mind. That doesn't matter now. What matters now is you know the truth."
    The strangest truth I've heard, but I've committed to believing it. There's no turning back.
    TAKERU: "Thanks for being honest with me. I'm still trying to piece some things together, but..."
    TAKERU: "At least I know I'm not going crazy."
    HIKARI: "We can only hope."
    HIKARI: "It's your move, by the way."
    I look down at the board.
    TAKERU: "Well... I don't have any moves left."
    HIKARI: "You..."
    TAKERU: "That should mean..."
    HIKARI: "It's a draw. Well done."
    While I can't come close to actually winning anything, at least I've managed to eke out something that's not a loss by hiding in a corner. It's the first time yet I haven't lost horribly to Hikari.
    TAKERU: "I guess it's a start."
    HIKARI: "Everything has to start somewhere, right? This is a good beginning. It's worth building on."
    HIKARI: "I can't force you to do anything, but, if you could keep visiting here, even only a bit..."
    TAKERU: "I'm pretty sure I'm down here daily anyway."
    HIKARI: "While you've seen it means a lot to me."
    TAKERU: "Do you ever leave the tearoom?"
    HIKARI: "You've seen me around. I go where I want, but it seems that I only ever want to be here. It's quiet. Nobody's ever here."
    HIKARI: "Maybe I'll make an effort."
    TAKERU: "An effort?"
    HIKARI: "Forget it, it's not important right now."
    HIKARI: "Don't you have class?"
    TAKERU: "Ah, dammit, almost forgot. I don't want to run, but..."
    HIKARI: "I'll see you later, I hope."
    TAKERU: "I'll be back. Have a little faith in me."
    She walks me to the door.
    I leave with almost as many questions as when I entered, but...
    Somehow things seem more orderly. Or have at least taken a step in that direction.
    
    As expected, I barely make to class on time. In fact, the only person later than me is Natsumi.
    While I feel like I could've spent another hour or two in the old wing, at least I don't have to suffer the embarassment of showing up after Natsumi again, (or deal with her smugness either).
    As classes start my focus isn't strong.
    My mind isn't knotted and disjointed like this morning, but it still seems like there's something more important than schoolwork right now.
    Plus I now have yet another tic setting me apart from my classmates. They've lost a classmate, and I've gained one. Does that give some responsibility to her?
    I can't imagine what it'd be to live a loop like that, where one day to the next, no one remembered and no one cared.
    Thinking back to that first day, no wonder she was so dismissive.
    NATSUMI: "Psst."
    TAKERU: "Oh what do you want?"
    NATSUMI: "Public service announcement. It's lunchtime. You can get up now."
    TAKERU: "What? Oh."
    She's not lying. Half the class is out the door, and the other half is Natsumi's crew. She crosses the room to join them.
    Time for lunch.
    At the doorway, I'm trying to decide to think if I should mention Hikari to Mana or Hagami when I hear a familiar voice. Two familiar voices, actually. Arguing?
    KENTA: "...so that's not how it's supposed to work. I'm perfectly willing to talk to her, but..."
    MEIKO: "What's her name?"
    KENTA: "How should I know?"
    MEIKO: "You have to work on this, Kenta. You were getting better last year, right?"
    KENTA: "Fine, fine. I still shouldn't have to remember her name to work with her though."
    MEIKO: "Oh, hey Takeru. Over here."
    Meiko waves me over to the corner of the hall, where Kenta stands with his arms crossed.
    KENTA: "Good afternoon, Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Good afternoon, Kenta. Hey Meiko."
    TAKERU: "What's going on?"
    KENTA: "I have an uncooperative lab partner. Meiko used to help with these things last year, but..."
    MEIKO: "I'll see what I can do. Point her out sometime, okay?"
    KENTA: "Fine."
    MEIKO: "I'm sorry I can't do more but I've been a bit overwhelmed with festival work this year. It's really close."
    MEIKO: "Speaking of which... Have you made a start on contacting the people on those forms, Takeru?"
    TAKERU: "What? Er..."
    Honestly I'd forgotten they existed. And didn't I just get them yesterday?
    TAKERU: "No, I haven't. I'll get on that."
    TAKERU: "When should these be done?"
    MEIKO: "By the end of the week, we'll need everyone updated info. Let me know if you need help."
    TAKERU: "I don't think I can ask for help in the process of helping you out, can I?"
    KENTA: "Everyone goes to Meiko for help, so it's the usual."
    Meiko laughs without any sign of unease.
    Our group seems to have attracted someone else's attention as well.
    NATSUMI: "Well, hey everyone. How's it going, Kenta?"
    KENTA: "Good afternoon. Who are you?"
    NATSUMI: "I'm Natsumi, you dope. We're friends, remember?"
    KENTA: "No, not really."
    NATSUMI: "You always remember Meiko's name."
    Meiko maintains her smile while Natsumi pouts at her.
    KENTA: "I'll be late for lunch, so I'm going now. Bye."
    NATSUMI: "I didn't know you could be late to lunch like you could be late to class..."
    TAKERU: "For Kenta you could be late to anything."
    NATSUMI: "I like that guy."
    TAKERU: "Baffling."
    MEIKO: "Anyway, Takeru, if you don't know how to get in touch with someone listed there, come find me. Their class should be listed with their name so you'll know where to start."
    TAKERU: "Got it."
    I guess I didn't realize the job I'd signed up for involved hunting down random students. I'll recognize no one, no doubt.
    MEIKO: "I have a meeting to get to, so I'll leave you to enjoy your lunch. See you later."
    NATSUMI: "Seeya Meiko."
    Meiko waves as she turns and heads toward the front gates. Natsumi returns the gesture with a salute.
    NATSUMI: "That's Meiko for you. Always caught between helping people out and organizing a million things."
    There's no sarcasm to it. Somehow our school idol baseball captain looks up to her.
    NATSUMI: "She should be a CEO instead of lawyer. Too boring for her."
    TAKERU: "That's really her plan, is it?"
    NATSUMI: "Yep. If she survives the school festival, that is. Who knows how she wound up with all that responsibility."
    NATSUMI: "Good thing she's got you to back her up, right?"
    TAKERU: "I just do the grunt work."
    But by the way Natsumi's elbowing me and raising her eyebrows, that's probably not what she meant.
    TAKERU: "We've just known each other a while is all."
    NATSUMI: "Whatever. Actually..."
    I don't like that look.
    NATSUMI: "I've got an offer to make."
    TAKERU: "An offer? What?"
    NATSUMI: "I've got something to show you, so, come back in here."
    She points to the now empty classroom. I follow her in, but I'm regretting I didn't slip away while Meiko and Kenta still had me covered.
    TAKERU: "Is this going to take a while? I was sort of planning to meet some people for lunch."
    NATSUMI: "Oh, me too, don't worry. Let me just find this..."
    From her bag, she pulls out a spiralbound book with thick, glossy cover pages. It's a deep blue trimmed with gold, and front on the cover is a picture of...
    Tohoku High School.
    She rifles through the pages. Snapshots of baseball players flip past, some posing, some with groups. On the opposite page is a table filled with numbers and decimal points.
    It's a yearbook of sorts: the baseball yearbook, the only one that matters there. 
    Each player has a dedicated page with their yearly averages, record, and any other relevant stats, almost as detailed as the majors.
    She stops about halfway through. It's the pitching pages. This particular pitcher only posted two losses the entire season. A fastball speed that reaches the high 70s. His ERA is listed. Best in the school.
    And only a freshman, too. He'll be unstoppable as a senior.
    The young man in the portrait is grinning. He's confident. His hat is pulled low over his face as he gives a thumbs up to the camera.
    Natsumi takes her index finger at jams the name at the top of the profile a few times and says it aloud, as if I had any trouble reading.
    NATSUMI: "Ichiro. Takeru."
    TAKERU: "W-Where did you get this?"
    NATSUMI: "I want this guy on my baseball team."
    TAKERU: "That's not me."
    NATSUMI: "You're not this goofy guy in the picture? Is he your twin or something? A clone?"
    TAKERU: "He's not me any more."
    Natsumi waves her hand to clear away confusion.
    NATSUMI: "Okay, okay. You probably don't want to play for some backwater team like Mirako's, but there's a tournament coming up. Baseball's the only sport we're competitive in. It means something around here to us, anyway."
    TAKERU: "It's not that... I don't think I'm better than you all, I - "
    NATSUMI: "Hiyama was our ace in the hole. It's a five game series and I had him up for games one and five, but he broke two fingers yesterday and there's no way he's going to be ready to go in time."
    NATSUMI: "You just need to pitch those two games. Then you're done. You can play with us or no, I just need one more guy to wrap up this season."
    TAKERU: "You don't want me on your team. Trust me you don't want me pitching. I haven't touched a baseball in months and I'm worried - "
    TAKERU: "I don't think I have to explain this to you. See you later, Natsumi."
    NATSUMI: "Takeru, wait up!"
    But as I leave the room and brush through the crowd in the hall, she stops following at the doorway.
    Her mouth is scrunched up and she's clutching that terrible Tohoku yearbook to her chest.
    How long has she had that?
    I have no idea where she got the thing, but I'd be happier if all copies were burned. It wasn't a lie when I said that kid in the picture wasn't me any more.
    
    I wind up at the old library, but I hesitate outside the door.
    Mana and Hagami will calm me down after Natsumi's bizarre offer, I'm sure, but I don't want to talk about Hikari to them at this point. I still haven't decided how to broach that particular subject.
    Plus the door is closed today. Odd.
    I open it and enter to a familiar scene, but just missing a detail.
    TAKERU: "Hi Hagami. Where's Mana?"
    She shrugs and returns to her book.
    TAKERU: "Looks like it's just me and you today."
    HAGAMI: "Oh well."
    TAKERU: "Please, I'm not that terrible."
    Hagami laughs. I'm a bit relieved that was a joke.
    I start unpacking my lunch, and Hagami clears away some books for me to set my things down.
    The radio's up louder than usual. Whatever's playing is currently between orchestral pieces and someone's providing commentary in German. I still don't think I understand Hagami.
    Thinking back, we haven't really eaten together without Mana since that very first day, where Hagami practically fled the room.
    At least now it looks like I've been downgraded from a threat to a minor friendly presence. Like, maybe a housecat or something.
    I start eating, but even so, I feel uneasy.
    It's probably normal for Hagami, but even a few minutes of silence alone with somebody feels uncomfortable.
    TAKERU: "Read anything interesting lately?"
    Even asking seems stupid.
    HAGAMI: "Not really."
    She flips up her book to show me the title. It's new from her usual genre. It appears to be some kind of medical manual.
    TAKERU: "'International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems?'"
    TAKERU: "That seems a little morbid. What're you - "
    I glance at the header at the top of the current page. Psychiatry. Then... Schizophrenia?
    TAKERU: "What're you up to, anyway?"
    She must've caught my glance because she flips half the manual forward and arrives at the section on corneal ulcers.
    HAGAMI: "Just the usual."
    But she blushes, then adjusts a knob on the radio.
    After a few moments, she seems to have a change of heart and dials it down again. The German narrator fades to a whisper.
    HAGAMI: "Thanks for going on the field expedition with Mana."
    TAKERU: "If I remember, a certain someone set me up for that."
    But she doesn't appear to be joking around. She continues in a monotone.
    HAGAMI: "We used to both go. Once this year Just... something we could both relate to."
    HAGAMI: "She..."
    HAGAMI: "I don't what she believes or not, but last year... Some unhappy things happened at Mirako."
    HAGAMI: "It's best to be respectful."
    TAKERU: "I think I understand. She's a freshman, so she wouldn't know anything about the fire last year."
    HAGAMI: "Hm."
    Hagami nods. She seems a bit surprised I was aware, but otherwise it doesn't look like she feels too strongly about it one way or the other.
    I wonder what last year would've been like for Hagami, without Mana around constantly. It doesn't seem like something I should talk about.
    TAKERU: "When did you meet Mana? It seems crazy it was less than a year ago."
    HAGAMI: "It wasn't."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    HAGAMI: "Middle school."
    TAKERU: "Oh. Right. I'm sure she was even more off the walls then."
    HAGAMI: "Not really. She was quieter."
    Hagami looks up from the pages of her disease book and glances at the stack of paperbacks next to me. They're all titled some number variant of "Sayaka's Rose-colored Days at Phantom High."
    HAGAMI: "And I was the one reading those."
    HAGAMI: "I've moved on to more important knowledge."
    ...and she raises her own book. I can't tell if she's joking.
    TAKERU: "I think I'd rather hit myself in the head with that thing than read it."
    She squints at me. Not joking.
    But Hagami looks back down and the radio goes up in volume again.
    I finish my lunch. While I don't think I'll ever get used to Hagami's near silence, I'm starting to realize she does compliment Mana well, who never fails to fill any dead air with chatter.
    I'm missing her now.
    Hagami continues to thumb through her medical book with her eyes closed. I won't question whatever black magic lets her absorb information off the page.
    With nothing else to do to make myself busy, I pull out the rejected applications that Meiko assigned me.
    Most of these look pretty simple. I spot one right away where the genius volleyball team managed to misspell his club name on the form. Yumi on the swim team didn't provide any info on her budget requests.
    Of course I hardly know any of these people, so tracking them down will be an exercise in pain. I'm not looking forward to finding the class rep for all of these other classes and putting faces to names.
    When I look up, Hagami's book is shut, but she's still staring at it, probably boring a hole all the way through to the table.
    She speaks without moving.
    HAGAMI: "What... was it you saw?"
    TAKERU: "What did I see? Oh, this is just festival paperwork. I'm trying to help a friend, but it - "
    HAGAMI: "Two nights ago."
    TAKERU: "Oh. You're talking about... that thing from ten minutes ago."
    HAGAMI: "Yes?"
    She squints at me again.
    TAKERU: "We just met my friend Hikari. That's really all it was."
    HAGAMI: "Hm."
    Although that meeting has a different meaning given what I know now. And I certainly don't want to go over this with Hagami right now.
    ...Then again, there's probably no one in a better position to understand than her.
    HAGAMI: "I thought you might say something different with Mana gone. I'm glad you didn't."
    She opens the book again (with a table-shaking thud) and this time goes back to actually reading it.
    I'll write this off as some quirk of Hagami I guess. Time to get back to sorting through these forms.
    Is there anyone in this pile I actually know? I think this guy's in my class. No clue on her. Or her.
    I know a Hagami, obviously, but this probably isn't her applying for a performance slot. Wait, hang on. Affiliation: supernatural club.
    I glance up to where Hagami is reading. She's slouched over, arms crossed on the table and head resting on top of them, focused on the book a few inches away.
    While I look back and forth between her and the form, she turns another page, then looks up.
    HAGAMI: "Are you alright?"
    TAKERU: "Hang on..."
    TAKERU: "Did you apply for anything at the festival? This form's got your name on it. Is someone trying to prank you or something?"
    If I thought she was blushing earlier, it's nothing compared to this.
    HAGAMI: "It's a mistake."
    TAKERU: "There's not really anything on here, except for name, club, and class and all that. What're you even applying for? Looks like Meiko attacked this whole form with a red highlighter."
    HAGAMI: "Just ignore it. Throw it out."
    TAKERU: "I can do that... I guess."
    I could tear it up or hand it back to her, but something compels me to just put it at the bottom of the pile for now.
    Hagami's sitting upright now and she's been halfway through flipping a page for the past ten seconds or so.
    HAGAMI: "Do you mind... not telling Mana about that?"
    TAKERU: "No problem."
    HAGAMI: "I changed my mind. I'd be embarassed if she..."
    TAKERU: "It's fine, really."
    I'm actually kind of surprised she didn't deny she ever filed it. It seems like that'd be easier.
    Or is she trying to signal me in on something?
    But all Hagami does is give a faint smile of approval and head back down to that disease compendium that's currently bending the table.
    I shuffle through the papers again and try to put together a list of who needs to be contacted about what.
    I can't seem to do it any more than halfheartedly though. The prospect of facing Natsumi in class after lunch isn't very appealing. I don't know why I still have reservations about Hikari either. Everything seemed so simple a few hours ago.
    And of course I have Meiko to deal with.
    Wait, "deal with?" Why am I apprehensive? She's been nothing but kind to me since I've gotten here and she's probably the biggest reason I've managed to fit in at all.
    HAGAMI: "One moment."
    At first I'm confused as to what she's talking about, but then I realize the radio is silent. Hagami taps a button and a CD ejects from a slot below the dials.
    Weird. The thing looks like an antique, but it must just be built that way. And I thought it was actually playing a broadcast from the most boring radio station imaginable.
    Hagami searches a top shelf where I notice a row of disc cases. Looks like the supernatural club has thoroughly stocked the old library.
    After retrieving a CD, she picks an enormous textbook off the shelf, returns, and inserts the disc.
    HAGAMI: "That's better. Sorry for the wait."
    It's indistinguishable from whatever was on before. There's even some German guy with an intro before the tinny choir starts up.
    ...Did she actually think I was paying attention to this?
    TAKERU: "Oh, don't be sorry, I wasn't really..."
    HAGAMI: "...?"
    TAKERU: "It's all the same to me."
    Hagami immediately takes the textbook she brought back and drops it in front of me. I nearly jump out of my seat.
    HAGAMI: "You should know the basics."
    The tract in front of me is titled "A Brief Overview of Modern Musical Trends." It seems to date from the prewar era and have over a thousand pages.
    No way. She can't expect me to be interested in this. A joke?
    HAGAMI: "..."
    All I get is a deadpan stare, but... I'm trapped.
    If I laugh at this I might offend her. If I start reading this thing I will look like an idiot.
    She's still staring. I swear dust is still drifting off the shelves from the book's impact.
    TAKERU: "Very funny but I think I've fallen for this before."
    HAGAMI: "That's... Handel is playing."
    HAGAMI: "His masses have gotten me through some bad times, I just thought... Maybe..."
    TAKERU: "Er, sorry, I must've misunderstood. Lunch is almost over but I guess I'll check it out when - "
    She's snickering.
    TAKERU: "You're absolutely shameless. See you, Hagami, I'm headed to class."
    She suppresses a giggle long enough to reply.
    HAGAMI: "Later."
    
    I'm back at my desk before Natsumi, unsurprisingly. Meiko, of course, is already there.
    While I'm still trying to consider whether to ask her what I should do about Natsumi, or even asking where Natsumi got that stupid yearbook, the girl in question enters and rejoins us with a wave.
    I have no idea how my sudden walkout came across to her. Rude? Crazy? At least I hope it was clear it was final. I'd rather not hurt her feelings over this but it's a price I'll pay if I need to.
    But she just grins.
    NATSUMI: "Hey Takeru, Meiko. Hope I didn't miss anything."
    MEIKO: "No. You're lucky today. You need to make an effort to get here on time in the afternoon, not just in the morning."
    NATSUMI: "Effort, effort, effort..."
    She leans back in her seat.
    NATSUMI: "Maybe later."
    And luckily for me, Natsumi seems content to zone out for most of afternoon classes.
    I can't concentrate much myself, but I'm more relieved I don't have to deal with her constant ribbing.
    Finally, the end of the day arrives.
    Just when I think it's possible Natsumi took the hint realized enough is enough, I'm caught on the way out of the room.
    NATSUMI: "Hey Takeru!"
    TAKERU: "Hi."
    NATSUMI: "You're awfully quiet today, you know? Anyway, about earlier..."
    Please, be an apology...
    NATSUMI: "My offer's still on the table. So, let me know your final decision! Anyway, I've got practice. See you!"
    She gives a wink and without even waiting for my final decision hightails it down the hall. I watch her back for a few minutes before I realize Meiko is next to me.
    MEIKO: "She's been a little odd lately."
    TAKERU: "You could fool me. She's persistent."
    MEIKO: "She does work hard you know. In her own way."
    TAKERU: "Well she's working at the wrong things. You know that tournament coming up? She's..."
    I'm trying to think how I should frame this when Meiko glances over her shoulder.
    MEIKO: "Sorry, I'd love to hear about, but I need to hurry to a council meeting. Catch me tomorrow, alright?"
    TAKERU: "Right. Bye, then."
    I'm left in an empty classroom.
    I open the window, but the air outside is still calm. I hardly get a breeze. At least the chatter coming from outside on the path is nice.
    This is normally when I'd think about heading down to the old wing to try and find Hikari. I don't know why I don't go now.
    After this morning, I thought everything had become clear. Now I'm almost more confused.
    That conversation definitely happened, right? Where Hikari said she was... already dead. Just not passed on. A ghost?
    I should just calm down, go downstairs, and make some tea.
    Instead I pull out the stack of papers from Meiko. There's probably only about a dozen festival applications here, but it takes me longer than it should to put together the list of names and classes.
    I make an editorial decision to leave Hagami's bizarre blank form off the list. She must've filed it by mistake or something.
    Bu even when I'm finished work, I just sit at my desk. At least a breeze picked up. When I rise to shut the window, I note it's noticeably cooler out.
    I'll just go home and get some work done.
    MEIKO: "Oh, you're still here. Hello Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Hey Meiko. You're done with your meeting?"
    MEIKO: "Mhm. It's normally not this busy with the student council and all, but, you know, with everything coming up..."
    She raises her head up and brushes back her hair with one hand.
    MEIKO: "I've got to do my part. Can't let you all down, right?"
    TAKERU: "Right."
    MEIKO: "How are things going? You always seem to be around late. Found a club?"
    TAKERU: "No. There's just nothing for me to do back at my room anyway, but... I'm on my way back to the dorms now, anyway."
    MEIKO: "Care to walk with me again? I'm headed down to Mirako, but you'd be good company before then."
    TAKERU: "Sounds good."
    We cross the school ground in silence and pass the main gate.
    I was going to bring up Natsumi's recruiting pitch, but I can't think of a good way to phrase it. What's wrong with her asking me if I want to join the baseball team? I can't exactly tell her to leave me alone without explaining myself.
    And I'm pretty sure I lied to Meiko about my final days at Tohoku anyway.
    MEIKO: "That's too bad you haven't found a club yet, you know. Or some team or other. I know when I first came to Mirako, joining the student council helped me out a lot."
    TAKERU: "I hang out with some people, I guess."
    I'm pretty sure Mana and Hagami alone don't make up an actual club though.
    TAKERU: "Probably doesn't stack up to the student council though."
    MEIKO: "Well, it's what you make of it. I'm interested in student leadership and the council gave me that opportunity. Just make the most of things."
    TAKERU: "I'm trying."
    Would Meiko be encouraging me to join up with Natsumi's team?
    MEIKO: "Hey..."
    TAKERU: "Hm?"
    MEIKO: "I know Natsumi might be acting a little strange with her tournament coming up. Try to cut her some slack, okay?"
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    MEIKO: "She, well, may have found out you used to go to Tohoku. It's a famous school, you know. You should be more proud. I was sure proud for you when I found out that's where you'd gone."
    MEIKO: "Don't let her push you into something."
    I guess Meiko did know after all. Turns out I was dumb for not just speaking up.
    TAKERU: "She did ask me to join the baseball team for a few games, but..."
    MEIKO: "Just remember you don't have to do anything you're uncomfortable with, alright?"
    TAKERU: "Thanks."
    Wait, "uncomfortable with?" I thought I told her I just faded out of baseball at Tohoku.
    Whatever. She's being helpful anyway.
    MEIKO: "If you need me to talk to her..."
    TAKERU: "I'm fine. You've got enough on your plate already, sounds like."
    She laughs, as if she's proud of it.
    MEIKO: "You could say that."
    MEIKO: "Having you to help out with some of this does relieve me a little bit, though."
    TAKERU: "I'll just try not to slow you down."
    As the festival comes up again, and I realize I'm still not very comfortable with Meiko's little deception.
    Why do the fireworks matter that much? Why not just tell the class that it's her decision, and not something handed down from the staff? It wouldn't make a difference, would it?
    It was this spot yesterday she was talking about it. I decide not to bring it up.
    We come to the bend and fork that marks where the road splits off to town and to the Mirako dorms.
    MEIKO: "Thanks for walking with me. I'll see you later, Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Bye."
    She nods in acknowledgment, then starts off down the road without a backwards look.
    I stand in place a for a few moments.
    For whatever reason I can't shake the feeling she's on guard around me. Sometimes, when she's giving advice or helping others, talking to her is effortless. It's genuine.
    And then sometimes it feels like something's unwell. Has there been a day this week she hasn't been busy during lunch, after class, and then in the evening as well?
    It's when she's talking about the festival, and all the festival work, that I feel like I'm talking to that old, timid Meiko I knew in middle school, just pretending to be the confident model student here today.
    Or maybe it's just my memory shaping my perception.
    That seems to be happening too much these days.
    