label day06:

    My instinct when I wake up is to curl into my ball and cover my forehead.
    But... apparently even though I was out so late last night, I haven't overslept. There's no Kenta poised to pounce on me from above.
    ...then why does it feel like something is looming over me?
    I open my eyes to a blurry vision of the dorm at morning. I only truly feel safe when I hear soft breathing from Kenta on the other side of the room. Snoring. Still asleep.
    I can't seem to focus right.
    Was last night really that big a deal that I'm still spinning this morning?
    As I predicted, it was a disaster, and the only thing I really have to show for this whole ghost hunt business is going to be an awkward conversation with Hikari.
    Well, I guess it's not like I ever believed in ghosts anyway, so what did I expect really?
    KENTA: "...snuagh..."
    TAKERU: "He must really be out of it..."
    What time is it anyway?
    I try opening my eyes but they're already open. I can't see the alarm clock on my dresser through the blurriness. And why does everything have a green tinge to it? And what stinks?
    That incense must've really done a number on me...
    Then my focus changes.
    There is something standing over me.
    Two eyes.
    Translucent turquoise skin covering its blobby body.
    TAKERU: "G-g-g-ghost!"
    TAKERU: "G-ghost... frog."
    TAKERU: "That's an honest to god pickled frog."
    KENTA: "Takeru! You can stop screaming. I'm glad you're up early but it's a little early to give me a wakeup call."
    KENTA: "And what's with the yelling? I wasn' that deep asleep, was - ?"
    TAKERU: "Kenta!"
    KENTA: "I said I'm awake."
    TAKERU: "There is a frog on my dresser. There is a jar of weird liquid in it on my dresser, and in that jar there is a frog. Why is there a frog on my dresser? Kenta, what on earth - "
    KENTA: "Good morning Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Kenta, why on earth did you - "
    KENTA: "Good morning Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Good morning, Kenta. Now can you just explain this..."
    I gesture around the room.
    It's actually worse than I thought. There are a few jars arranged in a grid in the middle of the floor, and that white bucket is also taking up real estate on my dresser next to that terrible terrible frog.
    It's still looking at me.
    TAKERU: "Why did you pickle a frog and stand it over me, Kenta?"
    KENTA: "The proper term is embalming. It's a preserved frog. I wouldn't pickle it unless I wanted to eat it, and - "
    TAKERU: "Alright, sorry. What's with the preserved frog?"
    KENTA: "I'm branching out. Turns out insects themselves aren't very interesting, but preserving them is. What do you think of my first attempt on something larger? A little amateurish, maybe, but with practice..."
    TAKERU: "Great."
    KENTA: "I'm glad you're interested in my hobbies. It's so much easier to have someone who understands you."
    Next to my alarm clock, wallet, and ID, that coin Kenta gave me catches my attention.
    TAKERU: "I'm really not sure I understand."
    KENTA: "I can fill you in on the details this afternoon, if you like. For now we'd probably better start getting ready for school."
    TAKERU: "Probably."
    I sigh and look away from the coin. In a parallel world, I slept an extra thirty minutes and took my clothes out of that dresser currently occupied by dead insects and amphibians.
    KENTA: "What were you shouting about ghosts for?"
    TAKERU: "You must've misheard."
    KENTA: "If you say."
    TAKERU: "One of these days we're going into town and buying you a cabinet or a trophy case, or..."
    TAKERU: "Just... Something. I swear."
    KENTA: "That's a good thought. If I do end up using the rest of that methyl alcohol on snakes, I'll be out of display space soon."
    TAKERU: "I more meant so you could get the bugs out of the dresser, but..."
    TAKERU: "Just get ready to go."
    
    The air is completely still in the morning as we walk up the hill road.
    It passes mostly in silence. Even the rumbling of cars from the town below seems muffled.
    This same path seems almost familiar now, although I probably haven't been at Mirako a month.
    At this rate maybe I'll even get used to my roommate.
    KENTA: "Where were you last night, anyway?"
    TAKERU: "I wasn't vandalizing anything, don't worry."
    KENTA: "And my gloves?"
    TAKERU: "They're back in the right drawers."
    KENTA: "You can be a very considerate person when you want to be."
    TAKERU: "Thanks?"
    KENTA: "You weren't at Mirako, were you?"
    TAKERU: "Well... Maybe."
    I think I'll avoid bringing up ghost hunting, partially because all I did last night was make myself look stupid, and partially because I'm worried Kenta will pick up an occult hobby to go with his collections of dead things.
    I really need to get Mana's stories out of my mind. She probably doesn't even believe Mirako's haunted. 
    And it's hard to tell what Hagami's thinking about, but I wonder if she even cares about the supernatural, with those philosophy books of hers.
    It's pretty embarassing if even if the supernatural club members aren't believers.
    The only strange stuff I've seen at Mirako haven't really been supernatural at all. There was that weird episode on this very road with Meiko, and maybe...
    No one ever seems willing to acknowledge they know Hikari's name.
    TAKERU: "Kenta..."
    KENTA: "Takeru."
    TAKERU: "You haven't heard any rumors about the old half of Mirako being haunted or anything, right?"
    KENTA: "Haunting isn't a real thing, Takeru. I didn't know you were that silly."
    I don't know if I've ever valued Kenta's straightforwardness as much as now.
    TAKERU: "Thanks."
    TAKERU: "Alright... There's no, like, taboo at Mirako is there?"
    KENTA: "Taboo?"
    TAKERU: "Blackballing people. Or..."
    TAKERU: "There's nothing like a silent treatment? Like if somebody blows a save in the title game, everyone pretends they don't exist for a week?"
    KENTA: "That sounds bizarre. Why would you just stop talking to someone?"
    TAKERU: "I don't know. I've just felt a little shaken up these past couple days. People not remembering things the way I did."
    KENTA: "I thought there was medication for that."
    TAKERU: "Wait."
    Kenta swivels his head around as I stop dead.
    TAKERU: "My meds! Sorry, you can just go on without me."
    I take off back down the road.
    Idiot, idiot, idiot.
    It's been three months since I started taking the antipsychotics and but I've been pretty good about it. Until today I've taken them first thing every morning, every day.
    Right?
    ...
    Can't be. I'd notice if I missed a day.
    Right?
    KENTA: "Slow down, would you? I don't want to show up to school all sweaty."
    TAKERU: "You didn't have to come back with me you know."
    He trails behind as we walk back into the dorm.
    TAKERU: "Let me just catch my breath and grab my meds, it shouldn't take long. You could've still made it on time."
    KENTA: "Showing up at Mirako without you is just as much out of the routine as showing up late."
    TAKERU: "There. Sorry for the wait."
    Still almost panting, I check my watch.
    TAKERU: "There's still some time. Shouldn't have to run."
    If it weren't for that floating frog waking me up, we would be late for sure.
    Then again, if it wasn't for the commotion that horrible thing caused, I wouldn't have screwed up my pills in the first place.
    KENTA: "This is why it's important to stick to plans. My morning schedule has a spot for medicine. It rotates every seven days, synchronized to which dresser drawer has clothes for that day, which also..."
    TAKERU: "You take pills now?"
    KENTA: "Just anti-anxiety."
    TAKERU: "Huh. You're about the last person I'd expect to be anxious."
    He shrugs.
    KENTA: "A few years ago if you had made be late I'd be a lot angrier with you."
    KENTA: "Mirako is a great place."
    TAKERU: "..."
    TAKERU: "I never really explained why I came here, did I? Came to Mirako, I mean."
    KENTA: "No, I don't think so."
    I can't remember him ever asking, for sure.
    Is that his form of respect? Incuriosity?
    KENTA: "If it was something you needed to share you would've shared it. It's important to share things that are important to you."
    TAKERU: "Right, just like you can't help sharing the bugs and the frogs and the clothing sorting system."
    KENTA: "You're welcome."
    TAKERU: "...Thanks Kenta."
    KENTA: "We're here."
    
    I show up to class barely on time. No sign of the homeroom teacher but Meiko has started in on her daily state of the class address.
    I'm haven't stopped panting by the time I reach my seat.
    NATSUMI: "How's the morning jog treating you?"
    TAKERU: "I don't need to hear it from you."
    NATSUMI: "A sorry day when even I beat you in. What held you up?"
    TAKERU: "Oh, nothing. Just got a late start."
    NATSUMI: "Well don't be late after class today."
    TAKERU: "Late for what?"
    NATSUMI: "Right after classes, meet me by the back entrance, near the fields."
    TAKERU: "Is this some kind of trap?"
    She's useless at concealing anything. While she's trying to pretend to pay attention to Meiko's talk, she's still grinning.
    Definitely up to something.
    TAKERU: "I still haven't forgiven you for chucking that book at me, you know. You have a couple rocks you're going to throw at me this time?"
    NATSUMI: "Shhh. You should be paying attention to Meiko."
    As if to punctuate her point, she raises her hand.
    MEIKO: "So submit your expenses before - "
    MEIKO: "Natsumi? You've got a festival budget question?"
    NASTUMI: "Just a festival question in general I guess. The fireworks are still happening this year, right?"
    Meiko makes an unreadable expression before returning to a grim neutral.
    MEIKO: "No. Cancelled. Administration said so. Nothing's changed since last time you asked."
    There are a few groans from the surrounding students, but Meiko talks over them. Guess she's not done.
    TAKERU: "What's this about fireworks?"
    NATSUMI: "It's a tradition at Mirako, you know. Our school festival always ends with fireworks."
    NATSUMI: "That's the reason have the people from town attend. Plus it's like the mistletoe of summer."
    TAKERU: "Mistletoe?"
    NASTUMI: "They say there's nothing more romantic than that moment under the sky when the fireworks hit their finale."
    She stops watching Meiko to turn to me.
    NATSUMI: "...if you've got someone special in mind."
    TAKERU: "That's a terrible face you're making."
    NATSUMI: "You can at least humor me a little."
    TAKERU: "Whatever. Why are they cancelled?"
    NATSUMI: "There was fire on festival night last year. The fireworks were over and done with, and they found the fire wasn't even related, but I guess it spooked the administration."
    NATSUMI: "So no fireworks."
    TAKERU: "Too bad."
    NATSUMI: "I wish the rest of the old wing would burn down, then maybe we could get that crypt remodeled as well."
    With all the talking Meiko does about the festival, you'd think this whole thing would've come up earlier.
    TAKERU: "Oh well, guess it's time for class."
    NASTUMI: "See you later. And don't forget after school, okay?"
    TAKERU: "Fine but don't you dare throw me anything."
    
    Lunchtime.
    When I show up at the old library, the door is open for me. I can hear Hagami inside, but she quiets down when I enter and greets me with a smile, then looks to Mana.
    MANA: "Takeru! Hi! You made it!"
    TAKERU: "Did you think I wasn't going to show back up?"
    MANA: "Well we thought maybe..."
    She glances at Hagami.
    MANA: "After you ran into the ghost last night, you wouldn't want to show up at the supernatural club again."
    TAKERU: "Very funny."
    TAKERU: "I think I've showed up every day here for a while now so I might as well keep at it now."
    I clear a spot at the table. It's still littered the same novels and textbooks, the old radio, but also some "field expedition" equipment, including the robes from last night.
    I put those on the floor. With any luck I won't ever have to see them again.
    MANA: "Well thanks so much for coming out last night. I had a ton of fun, and I'm sure Hagami did too."
    Hagami raises her eyebrows but otherwise gives nothing away.
    HAGAMI: "Yes."
    TAKERU: "I'm going to guess that was some sort of weird initiation rite. And I thought Tohoku was bad. I didn't think a two-girl club would go in heavy on the hazing."
    MANA: "What?"
    HAGAMI: "Don't underestimate us."
    MANA: "Wait, what, Hagami?"
    MANA: "Oh never mind."
    Hagami is fully sheltered behind a book at this point, so Mana turns back to me.
    MANA: "I've never seen a ghost myself before. Sure there are sometimes hauntings and that sort of thing, but I had mostly thought those were rumors."
    MANA: "And didn't you say you had a friend that knew about some of this too? Like she had a chess set go missing?"
    TAKERU: "Hang on, back up. You met her last night, didn't you?"
    Hagami glances up for a second.
    I have a feeling I might be in for another headache. I should've grabbed some aspirin this morning as well.
    TAKERU: "Alright. Let's figure this out. What exactly happened last night? You and I were about to the stairs, and then..."
    TAKERU: "Hikari showed up."
    MANA: "Who?"
    Another pause.
    The only sound is the low orchestra from the radio.
    TAKERU: "My friend. Plays chess. Came late to pick up some books or something."
    MANA: "You told me about her, but..."
    MANA: "I only saw a ghost."
    MANA: "Well, it could've been anything, I guess! Just a stray shadow. I would've thought ghosts were a lot cuter, right? I mean, otherwise what's the point?"
    TAKERU: "We ran into her. I almost literally ran into her."
    MANA: "You were very brave!"
    TAKERU: "Well, I'd say I was more very embarassed then very brave. That rabbit incense, and..."
    Mana just looks confused. Hagami's still hiding but I can tell she's not paying any attention to her book.
    MANA: "The only people I saw last night were you and Hagami. Sorry, Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Why..."
    MANA: "Or sorry! I should count ghosts as people too!"
    TAKERU: "I'm sick of this. There's not..."
    TAKERU: "There are no ghosts in Mirako. There aren't any ghosts anywhere. Please, just cut it out. I feel like I'm going crazy."
    MANA: "No... No ghosts?"
    MANA: "Then what were you doing last night? Why were you so spooked? I don't - "
    TAKERU: "Look, Mana. I know you guys are trying to scare me or something, or maybe you have something against Hikari, but..."
    TAKERU: "It's not funny any more. There's a reason I'm here at Mirako. I have schizophrenia. It's sometimes really hard for me to tell what's there or not."
    TAKERU: "So please just have a little respect, okay? Just..."
    MANA: "Takeru, I don't... What..."
    I jump. We're cut off by a blast of music.
    When I turn around, I see Hagami has her finger on the radio volume control. After a few seconds, she lowers it back.
    ...And then she flips another page in that oversized book.
    Mana and I stare at each other, when Hagami finally speaks.
    HAGAMI: "Thanks."
    HAGAMI: "I knew that incense was a little shady."
    She pulls over the copper rabbit burner from across the table and empties its contents, crosses the room, and empties its contents into the trash.
    HAGAMI: "No more field expeditions. At least not here."
    HAGAMI: "Takeru, we're your friends. We're not trying to fool you."
    For once she doesn't break eye contact. I gulp, but it seems that's all she wanted to say.
    She just turns another page.
    MANA: "Okay."
    MANA: "Alright, you're right Hagami."
    She pushes one or two volumes of that supernatural romance series away from her.
    MANA: "Let's talk about something else. Do you have any plans for the festival, Takeru?"
    TAKERU: "Not really. Guess it's really a big deal around here, huh?"
    MANA: "Of course! I really really wanted to put something together with the supernatural club, but the swim team's got a fundraiser, and Yumi needs all the help she can get putting it together."
    MANA: "You're coming, though, right?"
    TAKERU: "I guess. I've sort of been roped into help planning it."
    MANA: "No way! You're on the student council?"
    TAKERU: "Er, no, I've been here less than a month, Mana. I'm just helping out a friend who is. It's mostly been paperwork so far."
    MANA: "And Hagami will be there of course."
    Hagami looks up. I'd have expected her to giving Mana some cue in whatever eye-based secret language they use, but instead she just stares off somewhere. It looks like even Mana is confused.
    MANA: "Right Hagami?"
    HAGAMI: "Right."
    She turns the radio dial up a notch. A symphony becomes audible.
    HAGAMI: "...Always hated that thing."
    MANA: "I know there's a lot of people there, but that's half the fun for me! Plus there's always the food, and the fireworks."
    TAKERU: "No fireworks this year I hear."
    MANA: "Really? That's too bad."
    Hagami sighs.
    MANA: "Oh shoot! I forgot my watch was broken! It's time for class. See you later, Hagami! And thanks for coming out last night Takeru."
    She almost smacks into the door in her escape and vanishes down the hall. Hagami and I follow.
    But before I've taken a step down the hall...
    HAGAMI: "I believe you."
    TAKERU: "What? Is this about Hikari?"
    But Hagami just raises her eyes again, and without another word, turns to go.
    
    I manage to survive classes for another day. Now that the big chem exam is over, it almost feels like I can get used to the workload at Mirako.
    It's heavier, in a way. Or maybe at Tohoku it never seemed important.
    While I'm sure it's not going to be a pleasant surprise that Natsumi has ready for me, I figure I should at least keep my appointment. As the last class finishes, she's nowhere to be seen. Meiko, however, is right by the door.
    MEIKO: "Good to see you."
    TAKERU: "Ah. Hey Meiko."
    MEIKO: "I've got to meet up with council in a few minutes, but you wouldn't happen to have some time after that, would you? There's a few festival fine points that could use a hand."
    TAKERU: "Er, sorry, Natsumi wanted me for something."
    MEIKO: "Oh? What?"
    TAKERU: "I'm not quite sure."
    MEIKO: "Well..."
    MEIKO: "Be careful Takeru. She's more clever than she looks."
    TAKERU: "Sorry I can't help out. I hope it's - "
    MEIKO: "Of course. It's not a big deal. I really don't need help, but, you did ask me to keep you busy."
    TAKERU: "Meiko, I'm not... I'll be free tomorrow."
    MEIKO: "That's fine. I'll manage on my own without a problem. See you later, Takeru!"
    And with a wave of her hand, she's gone.
    Dammit Meiko. She has a way of turning my best intention on its head.
    Then again, I really only have myself to blame. Why do I keep getting this guilty feeling? Am I somehow terminally incapable of living up to her expectations?
    Or more like I just keep letting her down.
    Never mind. I have someplace to be. Natsumi, this better be worth it.
    I hurry down the hall, past the glass overlooking the front walk, and finally head out the back door, along the path to the fields.
    But there's nobody here.
    Did I miss her?
    I wait a minute, but nothing. Just the breeze, and few voices from over the baseball field on the other side of the hill.
    The baseball field?
    TAKERU: "Natsumi..."
    I take a few steps down the path. While I guess I technically know the fields are down this way, I've never had reason to come down here. I could go the rest of my life without seeing another baseball diamond again.
    The bleachers are emtpy. A few guys toss the ball around the outfield. Do I know them? That one's in my class. And him? Don't I see him hanging out with Natsumi all the time. And those two. Don't they have lunch with her.
    There's a knot in my stomach.
    Sure enough, there's Natsumi, chatting with two or three players down by the dugout. All of those guys that follow around are baseball players. She's the idol team captain, after all.
    I think I'm going to be sick. What did she want me to do, come down and join practice? Watch from the stands?
    Without thinking I take off back down the trail. I don't need to deal with this today. There's too much else going on. Not something I want to spend time on.
    Only when I get back inside the school do I start to catch my breath and take my bearings.
    What was even the point of that? Did she give up waiting for me and head down to practice without me? Was I ever meant to get to the field at all?
    I start walking the halls without any particular purpose. Someone says hello but I don't bother to reply.
    The old wing is right ahead.
    Well, I could go see Hikari instead of wandering around like a lost dog, but after that whole bumping-into-her-while-wearing-robes thing...
    TAKERU: "Oh what the hell."
    I push open the door to the tea room. Sure enough, Hikari is sitting there.
    The table holds a chessboard, half a game in progress, and the rabbit-shaped incense burner. I gulp.
    HIKARI: "Oh. Hello Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Hey."
    HIKARI: "You can sit down you know."
    I take my place, but she doesn't look at me.
    TAKERU: "..."
    HIKARI: "..."
    TAKERU: "Sorry about last night. I guess you haven't met Mana before?"
    HIKARI: "The loony one? Kept going on about ghosts?"
    TAKERU: "That'd be her. She's well, er... She meant the best."
    HIKARI: "Hardly."
    TAKERU: "Look, I was just humoring her going around in that getup."
    Hikari snorts.
    HIKARI: "You did look pretty ridiculous. Are you going to be a monk now? Applying to the seminary?"
    TAKERU: "Oh, not quite yet."
    At least she doesn't seem too shaken up by being called a ghost, if she's laughing at me.
    TAKERU: "Maybe that would be easier. Everyone seems to be in a world of their own these days."
    TAKERU: "At least people would stop trying to trick me about ghost sightings and baseball practices."
    HIKARI: "Baseball practice?"
    TAKERU: "I don't know. Natsumi, that baseball captain, is always after me about something or other."
    TAKERU: "Does tea sound good?"
    HIKARI: "Always."
    I make the usual tea while Hikari ponders the chessboard. She doesn't move when I set the cup down in front of her.
    HIKARI: "I didn't know you played baseball."
    TAKERU: "Strange, I could've sworn I mentioned it."
    TAKERU: "Well, not any more. I was a pitcher back before I transferred here. I guess I wasn't so bad."
    HIKARI: "Then why not play here?"
    TAKERU: "It's... kind of a long story."
    HIKARI: "I won't judge."
    TAKERU: "Yes you will."
    TAKERU: "I guess it's not like... supernatural club field expedition embarassing, just..."
    TAKERU: "I'm not sure I'm ready to talk to anyone about it."
    HIKARI: "It seems you don't trust me all that much."
    TAKERU: "I..."
    I guess Hikari and I are friendly, but...
    It's not like I've known her all that long. I don't know what she thinks of me, really.
    It strikes me that if everyone else in this school consciously avoids her... that just leaves me.
    HIKARI: "It's alright. I guess I don't trust you all that much either."
    She stares at the incense burner on the table. Did she fetch that back down from Mana's clutches in the old library already?
    TAKERU: "Sorry."
    HIKARI: "Takeru, do you think I'm real?"
    TAKERU: "Real? Of course. It was Mana going on about ghosts and stuff last night. I know sometimes I slip up and misremember things, but..."
    HIKARI: "Then here. Take my hand."
    TAKERU: "Your hand?"
    She holds it out over the table. A small, pale palm.
    I reach out and...
    HIKARI: "Ha."
    ...she pulls her hand away.
    HIKARI: "You really don't have much faith, do you?"
    TAKERU: "Hey. You offered."
    HIKARI: "It's fine. It's the usual."
    TAKERU: "I don't think that really makes things better."
    Hikari exhales. Her face draws up in frustration.
    Finally shegestures at the chessboard. I take the cue and start setting up for a new game.
    TAKERU: "Is this set really handmade?"
    HIKARI: "Carved it myself."
    TAKERU: "I didn't know you were into crafts."
    HIKARI: "It was a long time ago. I wasn't that good, but..."
    TAKERU: "They don't look so bad to me."
    Each piece is made from smaller wooden parts, each sanded and painted either orange or green. The knights have a tapered cylinder for a snout and black flecks painted on the back.
    HIKARI: "I put in the time and practice. Anything worth doing takes time and attention to detail."
    TAKERU: "It's a shame about the missing knight then."
    HIKARI: "We make do."
    She doesn't look at it, but instead gestures at the thimble currently substituting for my kingside knight.
    HIKARI: "Let's see if you have any basic openings down."
    I take my first move, and play progresses in Hikari's curious style. She never deigns to actually touch the board and just calls her moves as I defeat myself.
    TAKERU: "Hikari, I didn't mean it earlier. I know everyone at Mirako must..."
    HIKARI: "Bishop A4."
    TAKERU: "I know everyone has something against you. I'm just trying to make sure I'm not..."
    HIKARI: "We need to start playing with a timer."
    I pause and play into what's probably a trap.
    TAKERU: "Sometimes it's hard for me to keep track of memory. Or even what's going on right now. It's part of why I'm at Mirako."
    TAKERU: "So when Mana and Natsumi can introduce themselves then casually deny meeting you a day later..."
    TAKERU: "I've started wondering if I should head back to the clinic for a while."
    HIKARI: "..."
    She's frustrated again. She takes her attention off the board and onto me.
    HIKARI: "Okay, imagine this, Takeru. Something... happened. Something unpleasant happened in your past not too long ago."
    TAKERU: "I get it."
    HIKARI: "Something unpleasant for you, but unpleasant for everyone else involved. And there are a lot of other people involved, in their own ways. Everything's detailed."
    My teammates could testify. I'm sure none of them would want to see me around again.
    HIKARI: "But you're stuck. You made a bad decision. You can't just disappear, you have to talk to these people, see these people, and they have to see you over and over again forever. They just want to move on."
    Is that how I'm remembered at Tohoku? Unremembered?
    HIKARI: "So when someone stumbles over a name... It means it's more painful for them to remember than it is to me that they forget. I forgive them."
    TAKERU: "That..."
    I always had a choice like that, right? I didn't have to come to Mirako. I could be at Tohoku right now. My classmates wouldn't hate me. They'd be polite, but... they'd just pretend I didn't exist.
    TAKERU: "I think I understand you a little better."
    HIKARI: "That's... a little reassuring."
    HIKARI: "Maybe if you spend a little time down here, you'll learn."
    TAKERU: "No, I think I get it. I'm learning you're not so - "
    HIKARI: "You'll learn not to walk into obvious traps. Your queen is pinned by the bishop now. I can mate in two."
    I groan and look down at the board.
    HIKARI: "If you want to take that move back, we can walk through this again tomorrow. You just need to pay more attention."
    Half of her smiles.
    TAKERU: "Right. Let's try that. See your tomorrow."
    HIKARI: "So long, Takeru."
    Hikari goes back to brooding over her untouched tea while I gather my things and head out into the hall.
    
    There are still a few students filtering through the school at this point, most headed out after study or club activities.
    I'm about to be free of this day's weirdness when I hear two voices from around the corner.
    NATSUMI: "Well look who it is!"
    And I'd almost escaped. Meiko and Natsumi come down the hall, Natsumi tossing a baseball up and down in one hand.
    TAKERU: "Hi Natsumi, Meiko."
    NATSUMI: "You stood me up, you dope."
    MEIKO: "What?"
    TAKERU: "I forgot, honest. I would've come if I'd remembered."
    NATSUMI: "Hmmm..."
    NATSUMI: "Well I guess we'll just have to try again later. There's been a change of plans so I've got to speed things up."
    Meiko raises and eyebrow.
    NATSUMI: "Takeru, you're on your way back to the dorms?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah."
    NATSUMI: "Oh, you should come with us, then. I need to grab some things then I might have to head to the hospital. One of my guys might be injured."
    MEIKO: "Are you in a rush? I've got some papers I need to pick up from the staff office."
    NATSUMI: "I guess I'll duck out then. You guys have fun... But next time you won't be able to escape, Takeru."
    She turns a corner and hopefully fades from earshot.
    TAKERU: "That was ominous."
    MEIKO: "What were you supposed to do today?"
    TAKERU: "I'm... not sure."
    Although I have a pretty good idea.
    TAKERU: "Meiko, a quick question..."
    MEIKO: "I do have to pick up those papers. Why don't you come?"
    TAKERU: "Alright, so..."
    She starts off down to the administrative offices.
    TAKERU: "You haven't gone around telling people I used to play ba - "
    TAKERU: "Er, I mean, you haven't told people I had that sports scholarship, right?"
    MEIKO: "No."
    She says that but she blushes.
    MEIKO: "That'd be a little rude of me. Natsumi is just a curious judge of character."
    TAKERU: "I guess."
    MEIKO: "The Mirako baseball team has a big tournament in a week or so, so she might be a little on edge."
    TAKERU: "Oh right, I almost forgot."
    MEIKO: "That seems to happen often."
    I can't tell if there's malice behind her words.
    MEIKO: "You said you'd have time to help with the festival tomorrow?"
    TAKERU: "Probably, yeah."
    MEIKO: "That's what I'm picking up now, actually. There are a bunch of clubs that need to be contacted for displays and problems with their applications and things like that?"
    TAKERU: "I guess that sounds like something I could do."
    MEIKO: "Excellent. Wait here. This should only take a minute."
    She gestures at the door to the staff office. I lean on the wall while she enters.
    The only window in this hall is a small one in the corner. The hill outside is covered in loose foliage that drifts in the breeze.
    Somewhere down there is the town proper.
    And past that?
    But I start paying attention to the room behind me again when I start hearing voices.
    MEIKO: "Thanks, ma'am... We should be able to handle it."
    STAFF: "I'm glad the council has been so on top of things. We've really left it up to you this year."
    MEIKO: "Well, the festival is a student celebration, right?"
    STAFF: "But you should keep Mirako's traditions in mind too."
    MEIKO: "Considering the circumstances..."
    STAFF: "You're really sure about skipping the fireworks this year?"
    MEIKO: "I know it's important to Mirako but it'd be, well..."
    STAFF: "No, I understand. It's your call to make."
    Wait, hang on? Whose call to make?
    STAFF: "We'll respect your decision."
    MEIKO: "Thanks for your confidence. We'll put on a good festival this year with or without fireworks. And I'll take care of this paperwork."
    STAFF: "Thank you again Meiko."
    The girl in question emerges from the staff room, the same ineffable smile on her face.
    I join her and we walk back towards the school gates.
    MEIKO: "Sorry to keep you waiting."
    TAKERU: "No problem."
    She's shuffling through the forms in her hands and eventually hands off half to me.
    MEIKO: "You're still fine with helping? I can handle this myself, probaly, if you..."
    TAKERU: "I've got a debt to make up here."
    MEIKO: "I beg to differ, but, thanks. Anyway, you can see those are either budget requests or else display applications. We've tried to circle what's wrong, and there's a person you should be able to get in touch with up top..."
    But I find it hard to focus on her explanations with another question on my mind.
    Finally, when we pass off of school grounds and start on the road home, I work up the nerve to ask it.
    TAKERU: "Hey Meiko..."
    MEIKO: "What's on your mind?"
    TAKERU: "Fireworks."
    She misses a step.
    MEIKO: "What about them?"
    TAKERU: "I thought I heard there was some something the administration said that meant no fireworks this year. After a fire last year or something they put their foot down."
    MEIKO: "That's right."
    TAKERU: "..."
    MEIKO: "...You must've overheard. Didn't you?"
    TAKERU: "I probably just didn't remember what Natsumi said. That's been happening. It's up to the staff, right?"
    MEIKO: "...I find it very difficult to lie."
    She stops completely this time to sit on a guardrail.
    MEIKO: "It's my decision."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    MEIKO: "You know the Mirako main school building caught fire last year, right? On the night of the festival."
    TAKERU: "I'd heard something like that. So they remodeled."
    MEIKO: "It wasn't related to fireworks, really. It was a lantern fire, really. It was..."
    There's something in her face I'd only seen glimpses of before. Anger? Something ugly.
    MEIKO: "How are we supposed to celebrate with fireworks? No one wants to talk about it, but..."
    MEIKO: "There were two students caught in that fire. It wasn't anything too serious in the ends, but, after smoke inhalation, complications..."
    MEIKO: "We lost someone last year. They died."
    There's something in my throat.
    Meiko doesn't want to make eye contact and she doesn't seem to know what to say, but she keeps looking around like she isn't finished.
    Finally she rises. We rejoin the road.
    MEIKO: "It feels wrong. Just going on same as last year. What's so great about this place anyway that we should..."
    TAKERU: "What was their name?"
    MEIKO: "Who?"
    TAKERU: "They died after getting caught up in the fire."
    Meiko shudders. In a way I already know what she'll say.
    MEIKO: "Her name was Hikari."
    