label day08:

    I arrive at Mirako early again today, this time with Kenta in tow.
    It's a crisp day. In a few weeks it'll probably be too cold to hang around outside in the morning like this. Today, though, it's pleasant break form the humidity of yesterday.
    Traffic along the road up the hill starts to pick up. The familiar chatter of students on their commute doesn't work to take my mind off anything, though.
    Maybe work will. Armed with my list of students and half-complete forms, I'll try to contact at least a few people before classes start.
    TAKERU: "Hey Kenta. This guy's in 3A. Do you know him? He didn't put in any details for his budget request. Name's Suzuki."
    KENTA: "Never heard of him."
    TAKERU: "Alright... Do you know who the class rep is for 3A?"
    KENTA: "I've never needed to know that."
    TAKERU: "I was afraid of this..."
    We're seated at one of the picnic tables out front of Mirako. Kenta is paging through a math textbook while I scribble next to the names on my contact list and wonder if I could've chosen a less helpful partner for this job.
    TAKERU: "Do you really know nobody at this school?"
    KENTA: "I know everyone I need to know."
    TAKERU: "Wish I could say that."
    TAKERU: "Plus half the people I know I almost wish I didn't."
    Here's to you, Natsumi.
    KENTA: "See? Being well-connected isn't everything. My frogs are only there when I want them to be, and they talk me into... What exactly is it you're doing anyway?"
    TAKERU: "Stuff for the festival. And don't get me started about your frogs."
    I came home yesterday afternoon to no less than five assorted amphibians in jars on my dresser. Plus one snake.
    I'm not even sure if Kenta is the one embalming them at this point or he just has a source for dubious pickled animals. And I'm not really tempted to ask him about it.
    MEIKO: "Good morning. You two are here early."
    TAKERU: "Ah, hey Meiko."
    I shuffle the papers in front of me into a pile under the list, for whatever reason.
    KENTA: "Good morning, Meiko."
    MEIKO: "How are things going with your lab partner?"
    KENTA: "No. I don't understand what's so hard about just getting your own work done and talking to someone about it."
    MEIKO: "Well if you can point her out, maybe I can help."
    MEIKO: "Hm, seems it's almost time for class, isn't it?"
    Kenta checks his watch.
    KENTA: "Close enough."
    KENTA: "Good luck on your people thing, or whatever it is, Takeru."
    His things packed, Kenta strides off towards Mirako. Meiko waits beside me as I put the pile of forms into my bag.
    MEIKO: "Oh, you're working on those festival application? Thank you Takeru. I appreciate it."
    MEIKO: "Is that why you showed up early?"
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    For some reason I don't like that smile. She seems more cheery that I'm here at school well before I'd need to be rather than the fact that I'm trying to help her with all this paperwork.
    TAKERU: "Pretty much. I don't know how you deal with all this."
    MEIKO: "It's tough sometimes. But that's what I've got you for, right?"
    TAKERU: "I guess."
    MEIKO: "I'll count on you then. It's definitely a lot to get done, so let me know if you need any help."
    TAKERU: "I can handle it."
    Although this sort of thing is almost certainly better suited to her. Meiko seems to know everyone where I can barely name even my own classmates.
    Nevertheless... I did sign up for this, right?
    
    I follow Meiko to homeroom.
    Despite all my agonizing over my really simple job, I've still only managed to cross a single name off the list. Hopefully Meiko doesn't ask about it.
    To my relief she doesn't.
    MEIKO: "Maybe I didn't mention it when you first came to Mirako, Takeru, but Kenta's a good roommmate for you."
    TAKERU: "Who do you even live with, anyway? Probably someone that doesn't plant dead animals in your room while you're out."
    MEIKO: "What?"
    TAKERU: "Nothing. I've got frog problems is all."
    MEIKO: "You're still an entertaining person, Takeru. You know, I missed you after all these years."
    I don't respond. Meiko throws a glance my way, not smiling.
    TAKERU: "Er... It's been nice having you around too."
    TAKERU: "Seems like you've changed a lot more than me though."
    Meiko beams.
    MEIKO: "That's for the best."
    We enter the classroom, where, in a return to normalcy, Natsumi hasn't arrived yet.
    Meiko takes out a page of notes as she sits down. It looks like a bunch of bullet points? Does she really have her daily talks to the class planned to that level of detail?
    Meanwhile after two days I've managed to talk to one person out of maybe twelve that I've been assigned.
    Almost as soon as Meiko gets up to address the class, Natsumi slips in and into the desk next to mine.
    NATSUMI: "Morning, Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Oh. Hi."
    NATSUMI: "You look kind of grim. Not enough sleep last night?"
    TAKERU: "I slept fine, thanks."
    She pokes me in the shoulder.
    NATSUMI: "So. Any status updates?"
    TAKERU: "No."
    NATSUMI: "Hmm..."
    Natsumi gives me a sly grin as Meiko says something about exam results at the front of the room.
    NATSUMI: "I know. You must've been tossing and turning all night thinking about my offer, right?"
    TAKERU: "No."
    Truth be told I didn't sleep great. Better than last night, when Hikari's question kept me up, but it seems things keep piling on day after day.
    And Natsumi isn't exactly helping.
    NATSUMI: "Too bad, too bad."
    NATSUMI: "Y'know, I spent a lot of time scouting you. From day one."
    TAKERU: "What? Scouting? Doesn't that involve... Actually watching someone play b-baseball?"
    NATSUMI: "Aha. That's where you're wrong!"
    I've definitely walked into a trap. I shouldn't have engaged. Now all that's left is to listen to Natsumi whispering as she leans across her desk.
    NATSUMI: "Mirako's never had that great a team. I pretty much had to recruit everyone myself this year. Anyone with experience, I found them."
    NATSUMI: "I heard you that first day you showed up in class, you know. You said you were into baseball in between all that mumbling. I had no idea you were that good though. That I figured out on my own."
    Maybe if I keep staring straight ahead she'll stop talking.
    NATSUMI: "It takes a lot of dedication, but I figured it out."
    NATSUMI: "Why did you never say you went to Tohoku. Legendary Tohoku High. And an ace pitcher too. You're not just gonna let that go are you?"
    TAKERU: "What? So you only got to know me so if you could figure out if I was any good?"
    NATSUMI: "But from what I can see you are pretty good, aren't you? So it's not that bad, right?"
    I won't dignify that with a response.
    Did she seriously introduce herself and dog me around for a few weeks so she could get a handle on my baseball potential?
    Here I thought I actually had a friend in her.
    Meiko finally finishes addressing the class and arrives in my defense.
    As she sits down, it looks like she already has stock of the situation.
    MEIKO: "Natsumi."
    NATSUMI: "Hey Meiko. Can you help me convince Takeru he should fill in for Hiyama for games 1 and 5. We're so close to having a winning team, just a little shot to our pitching would - "
    MEIKO: "Natsumi. Let Takeru speak."
    What?
    Natsumi shuts up and makes some pleading face at me.
    Is her enthusiasm supposed to be encouraging? I can't even tell if it's in earnest.
    TAKERU: "I thought I was pretty clear the first time. Sorry, but I can't play b-baseball without..."
    TAKERU: "Look..."
    This would be so much easier if Meiko wasn't trying to mediating whatever this is supposed to be. How much of the truth does she know? How much do I have to reveal to get myself out of this mess?
    I'm seizing up. I have no response for this and I thought this was over.
    NATSUMI: "Okay, okay, okay. Come to a practice some time, right?"
    MEIKO: "Good luck with your tournament, Natsumi. We'll all be rooting for you."
    NATSUMI: "Thanks Meiko. You're the best."
    Meiko returns to her notes.
    ...But Natsumi isn't distracted. Instead she whispers.
    NATSUMI: "If you're worried about Meiko, it's alright. I'm really just after a pitcher, not, y'know..."
    I honestly don't know. She's not being reassuring and it's all I can do sit stock still and stare straight ahead. My face must be turning gray, but Natsumi is either oblivious or cruel.
    NATSUMI: "We've got afternoon practice on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday this week. See you there!"
    Not likely.
    I mental note to avoid that entire side of school grounds for the forseeable future, and to avoid Natsumi for forever, hopefully.
    This could've all been avoided if that other pitcher hadn't managed to injure himself. Hiyama, whereever you are, get well soon. Because it can't come fast enough.
    
    At lunchtime, I leave as fast as possible. Whatever I have to make up in navigating the rush hour crowd, it's worth it in time not spent next to Natsumi.
    By the time I get to the old wing, the crowd has dwindled to practically nobody. I'm pretty sure the supernatural club members make up half of all people I've ever seen down here.
    I count the doors as I walk past. That one's a storage room. That one used to be a classroom but it's pretty much storage now. The piano room's in there.
    I gulp when I pass the door to Hikari's tearoom.
    I'll definitely meet her after school today. I don't dread seeing her like do Natsumi, it's more...
    There's something different in the way we relate to each other now, and it's not something I can put into words. It must be part of that reality-bending aura around her.
    I climb the stairs to the old library. Again today, the door is closed. Mana must be out. I push open the door and take a step in.
    TAKERU: "Hello?"
    The light is off. The radio's off too.
    I guess I must've fled class so fast I beat Hagami (and possibly Mana) up here.
    As expected, varied books have already enroached on my usual eating space. I push them aside, then, on a whim, stack them up. I put the "Brief Overview of Modern Musical Trends" back on the shelf, where, with even the slightest bit of luck, I'll never have to see it again.
    Still, no one arrives.
    This place is eerie without the radio on. I can see why the supernatural club meets here.
    I fiddle with the dials for a bit but can't get the radio to turn on, or even the CD to play. Then after jamming the eject button a few times, I realize the CD tray is empty.
    I look around. There was that one top shelf in the corner with all the CDs, right? Finding it, I grab the last one off the row.
    It's unlabeled. The disc is just blank, and the case transparent. Seeing as how all the other CDs have names of dead foreigners and titles like "Opus 312." I'll take the unknown over any of those.
    I insert the disc and jam the play button a times, but nothing. Maybe it's blank. This just isn't my day.
    Is there really nobody else here today? Even after five minutes, there's no sign of Hagami, or Mana either.
    I poke my head out the door. There's voices.
    That's Natsumi for sure. I almost turn around when I hear Kenta. They both seem to be talking to...
    KENTA: "This isn't hard. Why not just tell me when you can work on this? I don't understand why you're being so weird about this."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    NATSUMI: "Hey you don't look too good. Want me to take you to the nurse?"
    HAGAMI: "I..."
    KENTA: "What exactly are you doing here again?"
    NATSUMI: "Who me? I'm helping you out with your lab partner, dope."
    NATSUMI: "You've gotta be more understanding, Kenta."
    She turns to Hagami.
    NATSUMI: "What'd you say your name was? Sorry about Kenta. He can be a little oblivious. But he's okay, I swear."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    NATSUMI: "Oh I get it, you've got a cold or something and lost your voice. That's why so you look so ill. Hold still while I take your temperature."
    I'm still trying to make any sense of this situation, but by the way Hagami flinces as Natsumi reaches out for her forehead, I should probably hurry and speak up.
    ...As much as I'd rather see zero more of Natsumi than I absolutely have to.
    TAKERU: "Hey Kenta, Hagami. ...And hi, Natsumi."
    KENTA: "Good afternoon, Takeru."
    NATSUMI: "Takeru! What brings you up here? And wait, you know her?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah. What're you bugging her about?"
    KENTA: "She refuses to pick a time to meet and get this lab report over with. We could've been done with this Monday. So why go through all this trouble? Doesn't make sense."
    He glares at Hagami, whose attention is permanently fixed at a spot on the floor.
    NATSUMI: "You know how Kenta can misread situations, right Takeru? Looks like Hagami just has a cold. Come on, I'll take you down to the nurse's office. My name's Natsumi, by the way, I'm the - "
    TAKERU: "I'll handle it, Natsumi. You can go eat lunch."
    NATSUMI: "I don't mind."
    TAKERU: "No, really."
    NATSUMI: "Got it."
    She winks at me. I don't appreciate it.
    NATSUMI: "See you in class Takeru. And nice to meet you Hagami."
    Alright, with her gone this gets easier.
    KENTA: "What's this about the nurse? How do you get sick about a lab report?"
    HAGAMI: "I'm..."
    KENTA: "Can you speak up? You're very quiet."
    TAKERU: "Calm down a second, Kenta. Do you have your lunch on you?"
    KENTA: "Yes, but I usually eat downstairs. It's part of - "
    TAKERU: "Come on."
    I gesture at him to follow
    Hagami seems to have some idea of what's going on as she makes a pained smile at me, then heads straight for the old library. She holds the door and I follow after Kenta.
    Kenta seems almost as out of sorts as Hagami now. He's staring at the wall-wall shelving with his mouth open.
    KENTA: "Was this the library? I thought this was a storage room before the fire."
    TAKERU: "It's..."
    I look to Hagami. She nods for me to continue.
    TAKERU: "Yeah, the old library. Not that any of the books are useful. The supernatural club meets up here once in a while, but you can feel free to eat here for now while this gets worked out."
    Kenta cautiosly takes a seat at the table in front of the space I cleared a few minutes ago. Hagami takes her place opposite him. I'm about to pull up a chair next to Kenta when Hagami gestures a clear spot on the table next to her.
    Hagami opens her lunch, and Kenta, looking around, follows suit.
    A solid 60 seconds pass. I guess I'm the only one uncomfortable with the silence. I wish I'd gotten that radio set up.
    Finally I decide I might as well cut to it.
    TAKERU: "Wait, Kenta, so Hagami is your mysterious lab partner."
    KENTA: "Who?"
    TAKERU: "I swear, Kenta..."
    TAKERU: "Kenta, this is Hagami. She's a supernatural club member and apparently in your class."
    She stands and bows her head.
    TAKERU: "And Hagami, this is Kenta. We're roommates."
    KENTA: "Good to meet you. Now can we please - "
    TAKERU: "What exactly needs to get done, Kenta?"
    KENTA: "We're each supposed to be doing half. We need to work out a time to meet to get it done."
    KENTA: "It's a short assigment. This is two hours of work at most but I need to schedule it in somewhere. I can't plan if we don't do that."
    Of course. I'm sure Kenta knows exactly what he'll be working on at all times. Except for this tiny paper... because he's working with Hagami.
    Hagami leans in. I turn my ear.
    HAGAMI: "Just... divide and conquer."
    She taps the table. I guess it's best to just do this now. She looks to Kenta.
    TAKERU: "Kenta, do you have a copy of the assignment?"
    KENTA: "Yes, obviously."
    TAKERU: "Here."
    He hands over a single page handout. I search through my bag and find a pen mixed in with the festival forms and hand it to the open-handed Hagami.
    She starts to mark up the page, but then pauses and looks to Kenta. I don't get it for a second, then she glances, then to Kenta.
    TAKERU: "How about just dividing up the work? You each take half of it and you don't necessarily have to get everything done at the same time."
    KENTA: "I don't have a problem with that. Let's just get something done."
    TAKERU: "Hagami will divy it up then."
    It takes her less than a minute. I pass the page from her to Kenta.
    TAKERU: "Does that look alright?"
    KENTA: "Fine."
    TAKERU: "Then we should be set then?"
    Hagami nods. Affirmative. Kenta keeps staring at her but she's fixed on some point 45 degrees to his left.
    TAKERU: "Okay. Hope that clears things up, Kenta."
    KENTA: "It does, thanks."
    Kenta tucks the page into his bag, then for some reason starts packing the remaining bits of his lunch back up as well.
    KENTA: "If you don't mind I'm going to finish my lunch downstairs."
    TAKERU: "See you."
    KENTA: "It's just this a very weird place up here. I don't know how you keep your appetite Takeru."
    And he's gone.
    That's the second problem person out of the way. Crisis resolved?
    With a sigh of relief, Hagami finally starts in on her own lunch. For a few minutes, she just slowly eats. I notice she doesn't have that flushed, feverish look any more though.
    Now though, she looks up.
    HAGAMI: "You're friends with some very strange people."
    TAKERU: "Oh trust me, I know."
    ...Hagami and Mana included.
    TAKERU: "Sorry about Natsumi and Kenta. They're nice enough, but... They can be really bad at reading people."
    HAGAMI: "How can be roommates with that... person?"
    TAKERU: "Kenta? He's not so bad, I guess. Although sometimes I think he just assumes everyone's a clone of himself and thinks and acts the same way."
    TAKERU: "He means well, though. You just have to get to know him."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    HAGAMI: "That's... not really something I enjoy.
    She returns to her food, but, seeing me almost done, she slides a book towards me. I recognize the medical encyclopedia from yesterday.
    TAKERU: "I'm even less likely to read this than that music textbook, you know. Don't think - "
    But the book is already open, and Hagami taps on a specific page.
    TAKERU: "'Social Anxiety Disorder?'"
    I skim the page, then glance at Hagami. She has her arms folded on the table again, head resting on them.
    She doesn't make eye contact but I ask my question anyway.
    TAKERU: "Then that means..."
    TAKERU: "You mean this is why you're at Mirako. You have this?"
    HAGAMI: "They think so, anyway. Something like it."
    TAKERU: "...Right."
    She still won't look at me.
    HAGAMI: "It wasn't always like this. It does make things more difficult."
    HAGAMI: "In my past life... I just couldn't keep up."
    TAKERU: "Past life?"
    HAGAMI: "A hundred years ago I failed to attain enlightenment before my death and now, in the tradition of samsara, I've reincarnated as a lowly student."
    TAKERU: "Wait, you think you an anxiety disorder because... some past you was... What?"
    HAGAMI: "It's a joke."
    HAGAMI: "I mean life before Mirako. You had one."
    TAKERU: "Hang on, what do you know about that? Is someone spreading stories around, or - "
    HAGAMI: "I don't know anything about it."
    She looks up.
    HAGAMI: "Most here were someone else before they came to Mirako. Me too."
    TAKERU: "Oh."
    HAGAMI: "For some... it's just more painful than others. I don't pry."
    ...Unlike certain other people. Natsumi could learn a few lessons.
    HAGAMI: "There are more important things to know anyway."
    Hagami sits up.
    HAGAMI: "Although I won't deny I'm curious."
    TAKERU: "..."
    She shrugs and goes back to reading. It's something old today. Possibly a textbook, because it has about a diagram a page, but then I realize all the diagrams involve pentagrams.
    I'm done eating, but there's still some time to go before class. I bring out the festival contact forms, then put them away. I've done all I can now without actually talking to people, and I don't particularly want to do that at the moment.
    The only nearby reading material are some books that look about as dubious as the one Hagami's browsing, and the medical manual, already open to the page on anxiety disorders.
    I skim, but it's about what I expected. Self-consciousness. Worries about presentation. Avoidance of strangers and groups.
    I close the book. If Hagami is doing me the favor of not poking around my background, I can at least do the same for her.
    But still I wonder who exactly that "past self" Hagami was. Child prodigy? Actress? ...Baseball star?
    More likely Hagami was just... Hagami. A supernatural hobbying and enthusiast of deadpan jokes.
    Oh well.
    Mana would probably know, not that I'd ask. That'd be a violation of her privacy. Right?
    Then why did she open up to that page on anxiety disorders?
    It looks like Hagami herself has nothing more to say, though. She flips on the radio.
    I guess the CD wasn't blank after all. There's a piano playing, but it sounds grainy, like a recording from twenty or thirty years ago. Some string instrument joins in.
    HAGAMI: "...Did you put that CD in?"
    TAKERU: "What? Er, yeah. I was in here earlier before I came to look for you."
    HAGAMI: "Just wanted to make sure it wasn't Mana."
    I don't really understand, but Hagami goes back to reading. I search my bag and find some homework to struggle with.
    After a few minutes there's a silence and click from the radio, and the piano string duo moves to a new piece.
    I notice Hagami isn't reading any more. Instead, she scratching at some with a pen. If we were in the same class this would probably be a good opportunity to get help with this physics work. 
    Although I guess if that's what I was looking for, I'd be eating with Meiko or someone.
    In the last five minutes before class, I don't really make any progress. Looks like it's time to go. I stand up.
    TAKERU: "See you tomorrow, Hagami. I'll tell Kenta you said hi."
    She flips off the radio and walks with me to the door. As we close up the old library, she pulls out a folded piece of paper and present it to me.
    HAGAMI: "Again... Please don't let Mana know."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    It's the festival application. I unfold it and glance down the form. Everything's filled out.
    But as I start to read, Hagami reaches out and folds the top of the page back down.
    HAGAMI: "You too."
    TAKERU: "So I'm just supposed to hand this to Meiko and not look at it."
    HAGAMI: "I'll tell you later."
    She walks off.
    I'm left standing there in the hall, looking at the back of the paper where Hagami's pen bled through the page.
    Should I read it anyway? I'm pretty sure this is another over-engineered joke from the mind of Hagami.
    I stow her application in my bag with the others. Oh well. Guess it would be in poor sport to spoil the punchline.
    
    Back to class.
    Looks like I was a little earlier than I thought. No sign of the teacher but Natsumi is immediately ready to greet me. She's inescapable.
    NATSUMI: "Hey, look who's here."
    NATSUMI: "So, Takeru... Who was that? Was she alright?"
    TAKERU: "Hi Natsumi. You mean Hagami?"
    NATSUMI: "Is that her name? I guess she must've been pretty sick if she didn't want to talk to me, even. You got her to the nurse alright?"
    I roll my eyes and don't bother arguing.
    TAKERU: "She'll be fine."
    NATSUMI: "Funny girl. I don't think I've actually seen around until today."
    NATSUMI: "How do you know her anyway?"
    TAKERU: "Er... She's a member of the supernatural club. I'm not quite a member and it's not really a real club, but..."
    I hesistate. It's kind of hard to explain.
    NATSUMI: "Aha! This explains a lot."
    TAKERU: "What now?"
    NATSUMI: "You're spending all your time after school hanging out at this little club. You've got no time for baseball. You won't join up because you're too busy chasing after this..."
    She squints her eyes and squeezes her chin.
    NATSUMI: "...chasing after this Hagami character."
    TAKERU: "I..."
    Not this again. Natsumi really does have a one track mind.
    But I really don't want to explain the supernatural club to her. Maybe if I let her believe her left field explanation she'll leave me alone.
    TAKERU: "Fine."
    NATSUMI: "Y'know I could give you some time off from practice if that's what it'd take. Just don't catch that cold from her, Romeo."
    TAKERU: "Look, Natsumi, I hardly know you, I don't have to... I'm not joining your team. So if you can please just..."
    Meiko arrives to save me.
    MEIKO: "Hello Natsumi, and hi Takeru. What's going on?"
    NATSUMI: "Apparently Kenta's no-show lab partner is Takeru's..."
    She winks at me as I grimace.
    NATSUMI: "...friends."
    NATSUMI: "Looks like she was sick a few days so Kenta couldn't get in touch."
    NATSUMI: "I ran into them so I tried to help."
    MEIKO: "Please, Natsumi, you shouldn't tease Kenta."
    NATSUMI: "I don't tease him. I was trying to work things out!"
    ...and succeeding only in making things work. Nice, Natsumi.
    MEIKO: "I don't think Kenta recognizes you. He's sweet but you've got get to know him first. We were friends last year so I try to help him when I can."
    NATSUMI: "Aaah Meiko, you can't be everyone's guardian angel day in day out. Don't feel like you have to be everywhere at once."
    MEIKO: "I've been managing it fine so far. When you need help studying or managing a guy on the team, who do you come to?"
    NATSUMI: "The one and only amazing Meiko."
    MEIKO: "Takeru, I've been trying my hardest to get you situated, right?"
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    While it's been great to have a familiar face these first few weeks, I feel like I'd be more comfortable at Mirako without that tangle of guilt, nostalgia, and vague memory that's Meiko's signature.
    TAKERU: "That's right. Thanks for helping me out."
    MEIKO: "So I think I'm more than able to deal with Kenta's problems."
    NATSUMI: "Whatever."
    Natsumi's words are combative, but now she starts to look concerned.
    NATSUMI: "But help yourself out first. You worry about too many people. We can work out stuff on our own once in a while."
    MEIKO: "If that's the way you want it."
    Meiko turns up her chin at Natsumi. I think Meiko shrugged it off, but when she turns towards me, there are lines around her forehead.
    Finally she turns a shoulder to Natsumi and talks to me directly.
    MEIKO: "Takeru, do you have those forms all sorted out?"
    TAKERU: "Er, not quite. I have a few, but didn't you say you didn't need them in until tomorrow?"
    MEIKO: "Well, that's when the council will review them. But I want to look things over first, just to make sure you didn't miss any details. I wouldn't want to resubmit forms to the council when they're still flawed."
    She frowns.
    TAKERU: "Sorry about that. I guess I misunderstood. I'll wrap this up as soon as I can tomorrow."
    MEIKO: "Thanks for you help anyway. Maybe I'll look over what you have so far, if you have them on you."
    I shuffle through my things to the pile of papers, pull out the three or four papers for the people I tracked down this morning, and hand the bundle to Meiko. She tries to hide her disappointment at the size of the stack.
    TAKERU: "It's not much."
    MEIKO: "Well, better than nothing."
    TAKERU: "Let me know if there's anything else I can do then."
    MEIKO: "You've been a big help already, so I'd almost feel bad asking, but..."
    TAKERU: "It's fine. I think I've just been slowing you down."
    MEIKO: "Not at all. Are you free Sunday? The day after tomorrow."
    TAKERU: "I... didn't really have anything planned, no."
    MEIKO: "I need to move a grill up to Mirako from a rental place in town, and there's not really a truck available. It's a two person job."
    TAKERU: "I'll help out if you need."
    Moving heavy objects. This is fine. I've managed to screw up pretty much all of the intellectual tasks Meiko has handed out so at least I shouldn't be able to bungle this one.
    MEIKO: "You're always appreciated, Takeru. I'll meet you outside the dorms then?"
    TAKERU: "Got it."
    Finally our teacher arrives, and Meiko turns back to face the front of the room.
    I settle in for another lecture. Sunday seems far away now. But I guess it's easier for me to look forward to a day of being useful than a day off.
    
    After classes end, I make an effort to track down more of the students on my incomplete festival application hitlist.
    As dumb as I feel repeatedly intoducing myself to these people over and over, it's not quite as dumb as I feel screwing up Meiko's odd jobs.
    I'm almost sure at this point that she's just tasking me with these errands to give me a way to atone.
    When I took off for Tohoku those four or five years ago, I basically left her high and dry.
    Sure, I felt guilty back then for not saying anything, at least, but I thought I'd never see her again. I had a clean conscience in no time.
    Why is it so difficult this go around? Meiko already forgave me. So why do I keep dwelling on it?
    Luckily most of the students on the list are members of clubs so they've still been at Mirako after the end of class. I'll have to catch up to the stragglers tomorrow.
    With that done, I realize I'm in the old wing again.
    It would be great to talk to someone right now, but, Hikari?
    I'm not quite sure where we stand, but it's not like there's any other way to find out.
    TAKERU: "Hikari?"
    Inside the tearoom, I pull the shades and close the door. No sign of her. I open the door again and pop my head out to the hall, but, no one there either. When I turn back, she's sitting at the table.
    HIKARI: "You're a bit late, aren't you?"
    TAKERU: "Oh, there you are, I almost thought you'd vanished for a second. And I didn't know there was some fixed time we meet up."
    Hikari shrugs with a stiff, slight motion.
    HIKARI: "You seem to come here after school pretty often."
    TAKERU: "I guess."
    TAKERU: "You... You can leave this room, right?"
    HIKARI: "Yes. You've seen me around. I just normally don't have any reason or need to."
    HIKARI: "How does tea sound?"
    TAKERU: "Sounds excellent."
    Of course, I'm the one preparing the tea. And the only one drinking the tea. As usual, Hikari relishes the teacup in front of her, breathing in the aroma... But she never takes a sip.
    She probably can't.
    TAKERU: "Hey, Hikari..."
    HIKARI: "Thanks for the tea."
    TAKERU: "This might sound dumb, but, er, yesterday... We did have a conversation about how you were, well... Not, well..."
    HIKARI: "You can day 'dead,' by the way. I don't mind."
    TAKERU: "You don't mind being dead?"
    HIKARI: "That's not quite what I said. I definitely do mind. Although..."
    Hikari closes her eyes for a few moments.
    HIKARI: "I don't mind all that much. There's more time to do things properly."
    HIKARI: "All I miss is people. That everyone could forget so quickly, it's..."
    HIKARI: "I try not to hold it against anyone, but seeing life just go on without you is a disheartening."
    TAKERU: "I sort of understand."
    HIKARI: "I doubt it."
    
    
    
    