label day11:

    Tuesday morning.
    Early Tuesday morning.
    I was on the last train last night, and by the time I finally got back to the dorms, it was past midnight. So I don't appreciate waking up half an hour before my alarm.
    Still, I'd rather be sleeping here than anywhere near that clinic. Hours of casual "chats" with Meadow and some other shrinks, trying not to mention Hikari...
    That I weaseled out of an extended stay is nothing less than a miracle.
    Trying to to fall asleep again is probably pointless. Mustering the energy to rise, I start unpacking my bag. I was too exhausted to do anything last night.
    Clothes I put in the hamper. Let Kenta figure out where to sort them.
    My physics textbook goes on my desk. I really should've brought something more entertaining to read, because at this point even a recommendation from Hagami sounds more appealing.
    Two new medicine bottles go on a shelf in the bathroom. I also have a checklist to go with them, an emergency medical card, and orders from Dr. Meadow to call immediately if anything happens again.
    Nothing will. Not if I can help it. I take my meds and head back to the room, but...
    Somehow I missed it last night.
    It must be an industrial-sized cylinder of bubble wrap. The bundle's as tall as the ceiling. At first I have the irrational urge to knock it over, then a creeping fear sets in...
    What does it mean that this is in my room?
    I look over to Kenta, still asleep.
    Then, in the other corner, I see cardboard. Cardboard boxes? Hundreds of boxes, again piled to the ceiling.
    TAKERU: "Kenta... Please no, Kenta."
    KENTA: "What... Huh? Good morning Takeru."
    TAKERU: "I'm scared, Kenta. Why are there - "
    KENTA: "Good morning, Takeru."
    I roll my eyes and return the greeting as he yawns.
    TAKERU: "Good morning, Kenta."
    KENTA: "You're back."
    TAKERU: "Yes, yes, I am. So what's with the boxes?"
    KENTA: "Oh, you missed most of the excitement."
    TAKERU: "I'm sure there's plenty of excitement left. Is this a new hobby? Assembling cardboard boxes? Stuffing them with bubble wrap? I've never knew there was such a thing as a small parcel enthusiast.
    KENTA: "What are you talking about? They're just boxes."
    KENTA: "It's time to say goodbye to the insects. So I obviously needed a way to ship them. I wish you were here yesterday when I had to roll that bubble wrap in here."
    TAKERU: "Okay, first, you didn't actually have to roll it in here and park it behind my bed. Second, aren't your bugs already in those display cases?"
    KENTA: "It was a flash sale. I auctioned them all off on a website for collectors. It's much more profitable to sell insect collections way then to sell in bulk."
    TAKERU: "You... You sold them individually. Hundreds of bugs. To hundreds of different people. Online."
    KENTA: "Yes, that's what I said. Was anything unclear? I didn't think it was that hard to understand."
    I'm having nightmarish visions of the bug processing operation that will no doubt end up be happening right here, in this room. Probably with my bed as the bug dissection staging area.
    KENTA: "You look interested. If you want you're welcome to join me packaging them."
    TAKERU: "I'm not interested, I'm terrified."
    KENTA: "Is that close enough?"
    TAKERU: "No!"
    KENTA: "Well I'll be starting right after classes end if you change your mind."
    Looks like my mind's been made for me. I have to live here too, Kenta.
    TAKERU: "Fine. I'll be there. Let's just get to Mirako so I can forget about this."
    KENTA: "Oh, you're right. I'm five minutes behind. You sure can waste time in the morning."
    I sigh turn back to the big roll of bubble wrap. Now I'm more tempted to kick it over and collapse on top of it. Welcome back to Mirako.
    
    Despite Kenta's complaints, we're on the road in plenty of time.
    It's nice to be back. The clinic is by Tohoku, in the city, nothing like the clear air I'd started to take for granted, and now realize I'd missed.
    KENTA: "Did everything go well on your trip?"
    TAKERU: "About as good as you'd expect, really. Just a bunch of doctors. They decided I was underdosed, or overdosed, or something, and just threw out all my old meds and gave me a new set."
    KENTA: "But you're staying at Mirako?"
    TAKERU: "Are you kidding? Yeah. I wasn't going to let them talk me out of that."
    TAKERU: "...That would be awful, trying to find another school, this time of year. Moving twice in a year."
    KENTA: "Very awful. I'd need to train another roommmate."
    TAKERU: "I'm not sure if I should be flattered or insulted."
    KENTA: "It doesn't matter all that much."
    We keep chatting and finally arrive at the school gates.
    There's another change: A banner now hangs between the gateposts.
    TAKERU: "'Mirako High 40th annual cultural festival - Welcome!'"
    TAKERU: "Isn't that a bit early?"
    KENTA: "The festival's Saturday, you know. That's only four days away."
    TAKERU: "Er, right, but shouldn't they start setting up on Friday then?"
    KENTA: "That's right, you've never been to one of these... It's a big deal. They have to start preparing early or they'd never finish in time."
    TAKERU: "Huh... Guess this is bigger deal than I thought."
    I should've known with how Meiko was acting about it. I should really at some point check if she needs any more help. If I can work up the nerve.
    Then someone grabs my shoulders.
    NATSUMI: "Takeru! Welcome back. And Kenta too. Good morning, Kenta."
    KENTA: "Good morning, uh..."
    NATSUMI: "Natsumi. It's Natsumi, you dope."
    KENTA: "Well good morning. I'd rather not be late talking to you, so goodbye."
    Kenta heads off and leaves me to walk to homeroom with Natsumi.
    NATSUMI: "I love that guy."
    TAKERU: "I think he honestly doesn't know who you are."
    NATSUMI: "Of course he knows who I am. Everyone at this school knows me. He's just a master of the long con. A practical joker."
    TAKERU: "You're absolutely terrible with people. There's no way he's kidding around. If he's decided to send stinging insects to a hundred internet strangers just to screw with me, I swear..."
    NATSUMI: "What are you even talking about?"
    TAKERU: "Never mind."
    NATSUMI: "Everyone's been acting weird lately. Must be the big countdown!"
    TAKERU: "Right. Four days to the festival."
    NATSUMI: "No, no, I mean the tournament. Regionals start tomorrow. We leave tomorrow!"
    NATSUMI: "Although the festival's important too, I guess."
    TAKERU: "You'll be back in time for Saturday?"
    NATSUMI: "Hopefully not."
    TAKERU: "You don't like the festival?"
    NATSUMI: "Don't get me wrong, the festival's great. The fireworks are great. Although there won't even be fireworks this year..."
    NATSUMI: "But the regional is a knockout tournament. If we keep winning, we'll make it to championships on Saturday."
    NATSUMI: "And then once we win that, we'll be back in time to party here. We'll celebrate under the firworks."
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    NATSUMI: "I know, not this year... They're both fantasies. With Hiyama injured our pitching's gonna be rough, and we're not that competitive to begin with."
    NATSUMI: "I can dream though."
    That's another thing I never quite figured out from Meiko. No one seems to agree with her decision on this firworks thing. And no one knows that she's the one responsible.
    Actually, speaking of Meiko, where is she? Natsumi and I sit down, but there's no pep talk from the class rep today. Meiko's desk is empty.
    TAKERU: "Hey Natsumi, do you know if..."
    The teacher enters and I don't get to finish my question. I gesture at the chair, but Natsumi just shrugs.
    I'm sure she'll show up.
    In the meantime, I've got to actually pay attention. I'm going to end up with a lot of work to make up.
    
    Sometime before noon, Meiko sneaks in. Well, it's not exactly stealthy, she just waltzes in and takes her seat, and nobody bats an eye.
    I'd try to ask her where she was, but Natsumi's slumped over half asleep between us, and I think Natsumi is about the last person I'd want passing messages between me and Meiko.
    Oh well. I'll just find out at lunch.
    And just like that, there's the bell. Natsumi sits bolt upright and pretends to start taking notes. Meanwhile Meiko's probably been here less than ten minutes and she's already out the door.
    But she turns around.
    MEIKO: "Takeru. Good to see you."
    TAKERU: "Hi, you too. I wasn't really gone that long though."
    MEIKO: "Sorry, things are really hectic. Everything's on fast forward for festival week."
    MEIKO: "It's a bit of a disaster. There was a shipment this morning we shouldn't have gotten, and now the daily council meeting's in another fifteen minutes..."
    TAKERU: "That sould at least give you time to sit down for a minute then, right?"
    MEIKO: "I suppose."
    Meiko sits back at her desk, but still has that rigid posture. Can't she ever relax?
    MEIKO: "I've got some news."
    TAKERU: "Yeah?"
    MEIKO: "The full floorplan is finalized tomorrow. We can still make changes to the schedule flier, but once we assign splots that schedule's done. I've done what I can, but..."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    MEIKO: "Your friend. Hagami, right? I have her penciled in for a half hour on Saturday but without a club registered, there's a whole review process for that kind of space, so..."
    MEIKO: "So I guess I have to remove her and this, hm, spirit club?"
    TAKERU: "Right. Right, okay..."
    The way things look, I'm probably going to owe Hagami a favor. I need her help with Hikari, and if I can do something for her first, then maybe I'll look like less of a crazy person. She still seemed spooked after that whole incident with the voice on the radio.
    TAKERU: "I think they have enough members, they just didn't hand in the paperwork. When does that have to be in."
    MEIKO: "A week ago. Takeru, I hate being strict about this, but exceptions are painful. I'm trying really hard to put this together and all these loose ends keep floating off... Too many distractions."
    Meiko leans forward and crosses her arms on the desk.
    MEIKO: "I just want this over with."
    TAKERU: "Hey, I really appreciate this. I'll get the papers to you tomorrow. Until then, what can I help with? If this application's a distraction, let me handle two others for you."
    MEIKO: "Thanks, Takeru. I wish it was that easy..."
    TAKERU: "No, I get it. Most of this stuff you can't just delegate. It's got to be you doing it."
    MEIKO: "It's not even that. Have a little tact about this, everyone thinks I'm running this show on my own, all fine, no problems. When in you're my position, you can't sweat it."
    MEIKO: "Some of it you can probably handle. Anyone could. But my pride is telling me that if I can't do it alone and I can't do it perfectly, then why am I in charge in the first place?"
    TAKERU: "It's all over after Saturday, right?"
    MEIKO: "Thankfully."
    MEIKO: "Alright, can you deal with this bad shipment we got this morning? The last council president ordered the fireworks months ago, last school year, and nobody cancelled the order after, well..."
    MEIKO: "Nobody cancelled it. We're getting billed for it and there's a crate and equipment sitting in the gym."
    MEIKO: "Just get rid of it. Get us a refund if you can, but..."
    Meiko shudders.
    MEIKO: "I don't want them in the festival. Get all of it out of Mirako."
    TAKERU: "Roger."
    MEIKO: "Thank you again. It really is a bit of a situation."
    MEIKO: "Alright. I'm in control. I've got this. Four days to go. I've got to be in the council meeting room in a few minutes, so I'll see you this afternoon."
    MEIKO: "Bye Takeru."
    TAKERU: "See you."
    
    The old wing seems stranger than usual.
    Is it the quiet? The rest of the school is almost buzzing.
    When I arrive at the old library, it's just as silent. Oh well. Guess either no one's here, or Mana's still not better.
    Sure enough, when I push open the door, the lights are out.
    The table's still littered with hardcover books, ghost manga, and that one decades-old newsletter from the Showa College of Music.
    It's been ten minutes now since the start of lunch. Is Hagami out too? While I was out, did they decide to pick some other meeting place to get rid of me for once and for all?
    Putting my paranoia aside, I start clearing a place on the table. A few serial novels I stack by volume, and I'd stack the hardcovers if I had the energy to actually lift them.
    I'm not sure what to do with the newsletter though. It seems like an antique. Where was that box Hagami had this in?
    Easily enough, I find it in the back. Are these sorted at all? I'd feel bad messing up the order. Taking a few out to check, they all have varied dates, stretching ten or twenty years, but I notice they all have something in common.
    "Inori Naomi debuts new piano sonata..."
    "Showa alums Inori Keiji and Naomi to perform at anniversary celebration in the UK..."
    Then...
    There's no Inori in the headlines on this one. On the side profile, though...
    "Famed graduate Inori Naomi's daughter to attend Showa affiliate high school."
    Sure enough, there's Hagami staring back at me from the inset photo. She's a few years younger, but that half smile's the same as ever.
    HAGAMI: "Takeru?"
    I didn't even hear the door. I drop the papers into the box and push it into the corner, trying to stand in front of it.
    TAKERU: "Hey Hagami. Good to see you again."
    HAGAMI: "Hey."
    She sits down. Hopefully she didn't notice anything.
    I join her.
    TAKERU: "I was wondering where you were."
    HAGAMI: "Downstairs. I just came back up to see if you were back yet."
    TAKERU: "Yep. I escaped the clinc, finally."
    TAKERU: "What do you mean 'downstairs?'"
    Hagami doesn't respond and instead arms herself with one of the larger books still on the table. I suppose the wall will be going up any second now.
    Today's reading material is titled "The Japanese Existential Phantom: A Case Study of Pragmatic Disambiguation." Sounds like someone crossed one of Mana's novels with a thesis in semiotics.
    What I really need to do though, is figure out how to bring up Hikari without looking like I'm having another schizophrenia-induced episode. Easier said then done.
    But to my surprise Hagami speaks up.
    HAGAMI: "Then you're staying at Mirako?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah. I'm not going anywhere, for better or for worse."
    HAGAMI: "Sometimes they can be difficult. The doctors."
    TAKERU: "Dr. Meadow's alright. Kind of condescending but I guess if he's talking to me I can't blame him."
    TAKERU: "Although I guess you wouldn't be too torn up if I transferred and let you read here in peace."
    HAGAMI: "Hm... I've kind of gotten over it."
    TAKERU: "Over it?"
    Although she seems a little more of what I remember, before I flipped out about secret voice recordings in front of her. Her book's flat on the table today instead of propped in my face.
    HAGAMI: "You really don't..."
    HAGAMI: "You don't remember, do you?"
    TAKERU: "I'm still confused. Sorry."
    HAGAMI: "That's alright."
    TAKERU: "Never mind. I sort of had a question."
    HAGAMI: "...?"
    TAKERU: "Let's say, if I were a ghost, and I, er..."
    TAKERU: "Let's say I have a friend who's a ghost. Well not really a ghost, er, more like no one else can see them. Or remember them, I guess. And they died, I think. That is a ghost, right?"
    TAKERU: "Whatever, okay, so my friend who is probably a ghost, sometimes they have a problem with memory. Er, their own memory. Everyone else has memory problems with them, but she, I mean they, keeps forgetting little stuff."
    TAKERU: "She keeps saying everything's blurry, like it happened a long time ago, and there are blips where she doesn't remember anything."
    TAKERU: "Er, is there... anything in the literature about that?"
    Yeah mission failed, I sounded totally unhinged. Hagami's one eyebrow looks like it's about to pop off her head.
    Instead of saying anything, she slowly rotates the book on the table and pushes it towards me.
    HAGAMI: "Next time you can just ask what I'm reading if you like."
    TAKERU: "What? Oh. That's your idea of a joke."
    HAGAMI: "...You started it."
    TAKERU: "I was serious. Er, I said it terribly, but I wasn't kidding around. Somewhere you must've read about the horrors of paranormal amnesia or something like that. Right?"
    Hagami just keeps staring at me.
    HAGAMI: "Okay."
    HAGAMI: "How much do you remember? Last week. Monday. You had your..."
    TAKERU: "Oh I remember what I saw happen, just what I saw didn't actually happen. It's kind of an ongoing problem."
    TAKERU: "If you're wondering, no, I'm not in some dissociative state. I took my meds yesterday and I'm all sober. I'm trying to ask your help, here, and not seem crazy at the same time."
    HAGAMI: "Okay."
    HAGAMI: "You said something about ghosts last week, and I..."
    TAKERU: "Ignore that. I didn't do anything too terrible, did I?"
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "Right. Sorry, what did I - "
    HAGAMI: "I don't know anything about memory loss in the supernatural. You said this was for a friend?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah. Actually, no, ignore that too, forget I said anything about a friend. The important part is the amnesia. The rest isn't important. Er, she is important, but..."
    TAKERU: "I'm really trying not to sound like a lunatic."
    HAGAMI: "Just explain."
    HAGAMI: "...I believe you."
    I'll trust Hagami then. If this backfires I'm not sure how I'll explain myself to Hikari.
    TAKERU: "Her name's Hikari. Do you remember last year's festival?"
    HAGAMI: "No... I transferred."
    TAKERU: "Right. Huh. Anyway, something happened last year, and now it's like nobody even remembers her. You'll probably forget about her as well. It's happened to everyone else so far. You probably think I'm nuts."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    HAGAMI: "I don't know."
    TAKERU: "Either way, she needs help. She doesn't know what's going on with her forgetfulness, and my guess is it's not exactly natural. Seeing as how she's dead and all. Er, not dead, but..."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    HAGAMI: "Is there a punchline?"
    TAKERU: "What? I'm not joking here."
    HAGAMI: "Good. If you were joking, I'd be unhappy."
    HAGAMI: "...I never considered any of this would be useful."
    TAKERU: "The supernatural books? I honestly have no idea what you believe in or not, but Hikari's real, and she could use some help."
    HAGAMI: "I can try."
    TAKERU: "Thanks Hagami. You're the best."
    Her smile's weak, but it's there. I guess she's not over looking for literal ghosts after all.
    HAGAMI: "I'll do what I can. I guess.. I won't be all that busy anyways."
    TAKERU: "Is this about your festival performance?"
    HAGAMI: "Performance?"
    Hagami blushes in moments.
    TAKERU: "Er, festival application or display or budget or whatever it was."
    HAGAMI: "You didn't look?"
    TAKERU: "No. But I got an update from Meiko. We should still be able to pull this off."
    TAKERU: "Hikari's joining the supernatural club."
    HAGAMI: "Hikari? Have I met... Oh."
    Not that I've talked to Hikari about this. I'm sure she'll be willing to sign her name on the club registration form when she hears everyone here is working to help her out. At least she better be.
    TAKERU: "Just in name only of course. I think that should work."
    HAGAMI: "That's three members."
    TAKERU: "I'm formally joining the supernatural club. That should put us over the top. Even if joining involves robes, weird hazing rituals, whatever."
    MANA: "Takeru! You're back? And you're joining the club? That's amazing! I'm not sure which is better."
    MANA: "And you want to do the initiation rite as well? That's even better! I'm not sure when the next full moon is, but we've got enough incense left, and - "
    At the worst possible moment, Mana bursts into the room. No sniffles, no coughing. Just an unbridled enthusiasm for making me embarass myself.
    TAKERU: "Hi, Mana. I thought you were still out sick."
    MANA: "I was back yesterday. I just had to help the swim team with festival setup for most of lunch. I'm famished."
    She seats herself (knocking over my neatly piled ghost novels) and gets out her lunch, only to continue talking.
    MANA: "Hagami said you were at the hospital? Are you alright?"
    TAKERU: "Just the clinic. I'm fine now."
    MANA: "And what's been happening this week? I feel like I've missed a lot."
    TAKERU: "Yeah, maybe..."
    Specifically she missed my explanation of Hikari's unique condition. I'm not even sure I want to explain that to her. Didn't Hikari make that sour face when she thought of meeting Mana again?
    But something's going to have to give here, or else it's going to look like I decided to join up specifically for prancing under the full moon or whatever nightmare's in store for me.
    HAGAMI: "I want to register the club."
    MANA: "You mean with the student council? You think they'll have a problem with the initiation? We took out the blood from the - "
    HAGAMI: "No. We're fine. But that's why Takeru's joining."
    TAKERU: "I got the form from Meiko right here. We should all just have to sign."
    MANA: "Okay. I'm fine with registering. That means we won't get kicked out of our room, right?"
    TAKERU: "I doubt Meiko would pull something like that, but yes, no getting kicked out."
    MANA: "Cool! Then... who's the fourth member? It's four to a club, right?"
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    Take the lead Hagami. I have no idea how to handle this.
    Hagami seems prepared. She lays her arms on the table and arches her fingers, looking like a fortuneteller... Or maybe an evil mastermind.
    HAGAMI: "Mana. Tomorrow night. Dusk. We meet here."
    MANA: "What's going on?"
    HAGAMI: "We will be holding a seance. A ghost will join our ranks."
    MANA: "No way..."
    MANA: "Hagami! You mean you're going back to..."
    HAGAMI: "You will address me as High Priestess Hagami."
    MANA: "Amazing! This is fantastic! You'll be there too, right Takeru? Or do we have to do the initiation first? Hmmm..."
    Kill me now. I'm sure I'm doing a terrible job at hiding my look of dread. Clearly Hagami has betrayed me. When I turn to Hagami, she still has that faint, unperturbed smile.
    Looks like this will be the price of her help.
    
    As expected, classes are a mess today. I've gone from behind to hopelessly behind. Before the festival it looks like I'll have to hand in makeup work for pretty much every class.
    Normally I'd bother Meiko to help me through some of the harder problems, but of course she'll be tied up all week. I'm on my own.
    Plus I have my own festival task from Meiko to take care of. And now a midnight meeting of the supernatural club because Hagami has a twisted sense of humor.
    With all that in mind I do my best to actually do my classwork. Although I keep an eye out for Hikari appearing in some empty desk, she never surfaces.
    Finally, the last bell sounds.
    MEIKO: "I've got to run, Takeru. They need to someone to oversee setup back by the field."
    MEIKO: "What we talked about this morning... I can count on you, right?"
    TAKERU: "Right. I'll head down to the gym."
    MEIKO: "Thank you. I still hate relying on anyone to - "
    MEIKO: "Never mind. Thanks. See you later."
    TAKERU: "Bye."
    Looks like Natsumi already ran off somewhere too. I want to find Hikari sometime today, but for now, I should probably figure out what to do about the fireworks shipment that wound up in the Mirako gym.
    The gym itself is buzzing. Half of the room is separated into aisles and squares marked by strips of painter's tape on the floor, and in the center someone's left numbered pieces of paper. There are way more students than I expected who want to show off their art or club or whatever else.
    The other half of the room is a collection of collapsable chairs, folded tents, and other material. I spot that grill I pushed all the way up here with Meiko. Guess gym class is cancelled this week.
    I spot what I'm looking for pretty quickly. It's a wooden crate as opposed to all the cardboard boxes, and there's a clipboard on top.
    The clipboard is an invoice from Fujiworks Pyrotechnics. There's no fireworks in the box, apparently, just a bunch of equipment for the launch site to set up beforehand.
    Refunding the box would probably be pointless. The big item on the bill is to bring in one of their technicians to set the whole thing off. For some reason I had a picture in my head of Meiko wearing goggles and lighting the fuses herself.
    Whatever. There's a number to call at the bottom. I grab the clipboard and find a phone.
    TAKERU: "Is this Fujiworks? Yeah..."
    TAKERU: "Let me find the order number..."
    TAKERU: "No..."
    TAKERU: "Wait, if you've already booked the time, then - "
    TAKERU: "Er, I sort of get it. What if we..."
    I hang up after twenty minutes of running around. It's a lost cause. Maybe someone in the student council can argue the case better than I can, but now my job is to get this stupid box out of the gym.
    The pushcart that came with the grill is still handy, so I load up the box and start taking this to...
    I guess I might as well put it in the old wing. That'd where all the junk of Mirako seems to end up.
    Compared to pusing equipment up that hill, this is easy. I pick a room at random (looks like the piano room) and put the box with some others in a corner.
    Now just to tell Meiko I didn't manage to get her money back.
    
    But on my way out of the old wing, there's a voice behind me.
    HIKARI: "Leaving so soon?"
    TAKERU: "Hi Hikari. I should've known you'd be lurking around here."
    HIKARI: "You'd be surprised. It's not so quiet down here these days... Everyone's packing and unpacking things."
    TAKERU: "Must be because of the festival prep. You should see what it's like in the gym."
    HIKARI: "It's hard enough to hide down here. I'll stay around here, thanks."
    TAKERU: "You're hiding? I thought you were observing or doing reconaissance work or something the way you kept popping up in class."
    HIKARI: "That's on my terms. I'd rather not run into people I know."
    HIKARI: "People I knew, I suppose. They're familiar faces, but more and more..."
    HIKARI: "Did you talk to your friend? Hagami?"
    TAKERU: "She didn't have any ideas, but she said she'll help. You better appreciate it, by the way. I'm paying a pretty hefty price."
    HIKARI: "I'll pay you back by teaching you some Indian defenses. Then maybe you'll stop humiliating yourself in the first three turns every chess game."
    TAKERU: "I kind of get the feeling I'm in for a lot of humiliation in the next couple days..."
    We head back to the tearoom.
    I notice a few of the boxes that were once on the shelf are now on the floor and vice versa. They must be pulling out all the stops for the festival to remember that this room exists.
    Hikari sits down. The chessboard is out, not unsurprisingly, but there's a few more pieces than usual dotting the board.
    TAKERU: "Where'd this thing come from? Is this a bishop I guess? From some other set?"
    HIKARI: "We needed a replacement knight for that thimble and I was bored enough to try carving another one."
    TAKERU: "There's a lot more than a knight here."
    HIKARI: "...I might've been very bored. I'm trying for a more traditional set than the Russian sort of one, but usually when you make round pieces, you use a lathe. So these ones are going to be octagonal."
    TAKERU: "And you carved all this?"
    HIKARI: "Yes?"
    TAKERU: "...Yet you can't drink tea. Or move your own chess pieces."
    Hikari tries for a few moments to pick up the stray pieces. Every once in a while she seems accutely uncoordinated. This is one of those times. Or is it just... impossible for her to touch them.
    She gives up.
    HIKARI: "Maybe that's another thing to ask Hagami. I suppose if other ghosts are allowed to throw knives and bang pots and pans together, I'm allowed to carve some pawns once in a while."
    TAKERU: "Fair enough. Then can you find a pen and sign this?"
    HIKARI: "Sign what?"
    I draw out the club registration form.
    HIKARI: "'Mirako High student group application...'"
    HIKARI: "..."
    HIKARI: "Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Hagami needs it. It's what her help is going to cost us."
    HIKARI: "Takeru, you're trying to get me to join something called the Mirako Ghosthunters Union."
    I take the form back. Sure enough, there's the title at the top, in Mana's curly handwriting. Mirako Ghosthunters Union and Supernatural Society.
    TAKERU: "Right..."
    HIKARI: "Is irony completely dead to you?"
    TAKERU: "The other members are interesting people. With, er, very interesting ideas of what's a good name for a club. I swear there's no ghosthunting, they mostly just listen to ancient chamber music and read terrible books. I'm not - "
    HIKARI: "This would explain the robes and incense..."
    TAKERU: "That was a fluke. I was straight up tricked. That isn't - "
    HIKARI: "Are you going to ambush me and try to trap me in a jar or something? Maybe a vacuum cleaner?"
    TAKERU: "What? No. Hikari if I was part of a club trying to hunt down the supernatural, I wouldn't be recruiting you into it. And besides, I don't think Mana actually cares about ghosts unless they can be her ghost boyfriend, so you should be safe."
    HIKARI: "This is not encouraging."
    TAKERU: "You don't even have to show up. We just need four members so Hagami can book a spot at the festival."
    HIKARI: "And your brilliant plan was to have me sign on? Even if I'm still on the student roster, my name's going to raise some eyebrows, you know."
    TAKERU: "I wonder about that."
    TAKERU: "No one's seemed to really react when I mention you by name. There aren't too many Hikaris around either."
    TAKERU: "Now that I think of it, the only one that ever noticed was Meiko."
    HIKARI: "And how did she..."
    When Hikari pauses, I look up. But she's vanished.
    Where she was sitting across from me... No one. She was just there. She must've been...
    TAKERU: "Hikari?"
    HIKARI: "What? It's your move, isn't it?"
    When I look back across the table, there she is. Standing, not sitting, and talking like nothing even happened.
    TAKERU: "Hikari..."
    TAKERU: "Maybe I'm seeing things again."
    Hikari takes a seat in her usual uneven motion, then the paper in front of her catches her attention. It's the club registration. She starts reading it. Rereading it?
    HIKARI: "Of course."
    HIKARI: "This..."
    HIKARI: "You were asking if I'd join your friend's club, weren't you?"
    The humor is drained from her voice now.
    TAKERU: "Yeah. You sort of..."
    HIKARI: "I nodded off. I missed a step."
    HIKARI: "I can't deal with this, Takeru. I'll put my info on the form. If they treat it like you tried to forge a fake student, I wouldn't be surprised. But I'll help out Hagami. I want this solved."
    TAKERU: "You can count on her."
    HIKARI: "You should introduce me."
    TAKERU: "Er, when it comes to Hagami, Mana's usually around, but I don't see why not. You could come to lunch tomorrow, up in the old library."
    TAKERU: "Actually... I've heard they'll be busy tomorrow, so maybe the day after."
    Actually, I've heard they'll be setting up for a seance or an initiation or whatever hell show Hagami's planning to put on for Mana's benefit. Best sort this out with them first.
    HIKARI: "I'll have this ready tomorrow, then."
    TAKERU: "Thanks."
    HIKARI: "Now wasn't I supposed to be teaching you some openings?"
    TAKERU: "I might not be a very good student. There's a lot going on the next couple days."
    HIKARI: "I could use a distraction. Maybe you could too."
    TAKERU: "Right. I'll set up the board."
    TAKERU: "...Is this the replacement knight?"
    I'm holding a plain wooden figure, narrow, with a carved cylindrical head. Without paint it's hard to recognize as a knight.
    HIKARI: "It's not quite right, I know. I'll paint it later and that should help."
    HIKARI: "Some things are just irreplaceable."
    TAKERU: "If you say so."
    Hikari sounds oddly pensive about a chess piece, but I guess she's always been moody anyway.
    Time to try to open my mind to her chess technique.
    ...Although I can never tell if she's actually trying to teach me or just finds this funny.
    
    By the time I say goodbye to Hikari, it's getting late. It'll be dusk before too long, but Mirako's more active than usual.
    I pass a tall guy in glasses I recognize as a student council member, carrying a stack of chairs out of the old wing. Guess this festival's a full time job for them.
    Outside, I take a seat on a picnic table by the front entrance. I'm just dragging my feet at this point. There's nothing much waiting me back at the dorm but the mountain of makeup work I've got in my bag. Hopefully Kenta hasn't turned the room into a post office yet.
    When I finally rally myself to leave, I notice a silhouette heading the opposite direction. They're carrying a sack that looks like... baseball gear?
    TAKERU: "Oh. Natsumi, it's you."
    NATSUMI: "Yo! Hey Takeru."
    She shields her eyes against the sun, then starts heading my way.
    TAKERU: "Isn't it kind of late for you to be hanging around? No practice to run today?"
    NATSUMI: "We're catching a train to regionals tomorrow. I'm just making sure all our stuff's packed."
    She dumps the bag of gear on the ground next to her.
    NATSUMI: "Glad I caught you before I left, actually. You're not doing anything important, right? Cool."
    NATSUMI: "Let's take a walk. Or actually... Catch!"
    She tosses me a glove. Underhand, thankfully, although for a moment I have a flashback to her chucking a textbook at my face. I still don't like where this is going.
    NATSUMI: "Now catch this."
    TAKERU: "I really wouldn't trust me with a b-baseball.:
    NATSUMI: "This one's a softball, you dope. Just catch with me a bit."
    She throws the ball overhand and my reflexes kick in. I throw it back more to get rid of the thing than anything else, but of course, Natsumi just tosses it right back.
    NATSUMI: "Don't strain yourself. Especially not if that shoulder thing is real."
    TAKERU: "Is that what this is about? Unless you want to tie me up and throw me in the luggage compartment, you're not getting me on that train tomorrow."
    NATSUMI: "No, no, it's the opposite of that. I should probably apologize."
    TAKERU: "For what?"
    It's not that she doesn't have anything to apologize for, I'm just curious what in particular is compelling her to start now.
    NATSUMI: "Oh you know. The whole Tohoku thing."
    NATSUMI: "I wasn't kidding when I said I was scouting you out from the beginning. That's the whole reason I introduced myself. Your old school's a little famous, you know?"
    TAKERU: "I'm aware."
    NATSUMI: "I'm not sure if Meiko just made that thing up about your shoulder injury or told her that, but I think I kind of get it. This is Mirako, right? People who transfer here have their own problems to deal with."
    NATSUMI: "So, sorry. I kind of ignored that. I figured something was up with you, but your stats looked so good... I mean I had to give it a shot, right?"
    NATSUMI: "But if Meiko's willing to go to bat for you... Yeah I can respect that."
    TAKERU: "Please tell me this means you're calling off your mastermind recruitment plan."
    NATSUMI: "Yep. Cancelled that a while ago. I've just been too busy to tell you I screwed up. Plus I was a little bitter there. Our pitching staff's not looking so hot and it's going to take a miracle this week to reach championships."
    TAKERU: "Sorry I couldn't help out."
    NATSUMI: "Hey, back off a little bit. I know it's a softball but you and I can both throw farther than that."
    TAKERU: "If you really want to shout at me across the Mirako front lawn, be my guest."
    NATSUMI: "Hey, it's no skin off my back."
    NATSUMI: "Anyway, it's funny, when I called all those old Tohoku students, most of them said were an overconfident jerk. Which is pretty much what I'd expect from a high school kid with a fastball in the 70s."
    NATSUMI: "But then you get here and you're a bit of a stick in the mud, but nice enough I guess. Kind of funny. I'll probably give up bugging you about joining the team and just try to get you to join us for lunch."
    I'll keep that in mind when Mana and Hagami start staging occult ceremonies at lunchtime.
    NATSUMI: "But that's not important. Here, fly ball."
    She hurls the softball straight up.
    After four seconds of confusion, I hear at land two feet behind me. Natsumi laughs and walks in.
    NATSUMI: "You're a terrible fielder."
    TAKERU: "It was never that important. And I'm out of practice."
    NATSUMI: "Excuses, excuses."
    NATSUMI: "Listen, I've got to catch a train, but what I really wanted to say..."
    NATSUMI: "If the baseball gods are smiling on us, I won't be back until the day of the festival. Can you..."
    NATSUMI: "Watch our for Meiko for me."
    TAKERU: "I guess I can do that. Is there any particular - "
    NATSUMI: "Meiko's a superhero, right? The mental strength of ten men and the brightest mind of our generation. Last year, though, after the festival..."
    NATSUMI: "She took it pretty rough."
    TAKERU: "You mean... That student's death?"
    NATSUMI: "After the festival she was only hospitalized. I didn't know Meiko too well back then but from what I hear..."
    NATSUMI: "She was involved."
    TAKERU: "Well she was on the council, right?"
    NATSUMI: "Not like that."
    NATSUMI: "I dunno. I'm not trying to throw accusations around. It's like I said though. Most out-of-towners at Mirako came here for a reason."
    NATSUMI: "So don't let her do anything too off wall while I'm gone, okay? I don't think it's actually possible for her to work herself to death, but she'll probably try."
    TAKERU: "Er, I'll keep that in mind."
    NATSUMI: "Okay. Knew I could count on you. Team player after all, huh?"
    NATSUMI: "Now I've got to finish lugging all this stuff down the hill... Give me a hand?"
    TAKERU: "Oh, so this was all a ploy to get me to help you pack."
    NATSUMI: "I swear it wasn't! You can go home if you want but I'll judge you forever."
    TAKERU: "Fine, fine... Where to?"
    I'm headed the same way anyway.
    The bag is certainly heavy enough. It's overloaded with what feels like three bats for every member of the team. I have no idea how Natsumi intended to move this more than ten yards.
    I'm still trying to think what Natsumi meant though and I'm not about to ask for clarification.
    "Involved?"
    Maybe I'll ask Hikari. 
    Until then, time to send off Natsumi, and wish her good luck.
