label day02:

    I wake up sweating in an unfamiliar room.
    Unfamiliar? Oh. Right, it's just my dorm. It'll be unfamiliar for a while though.
    I'm staring at my watch, facing me where I left it on the bed.
    Conveniently, this is the exact time I wanted to be awake. Except the hour hand is one tick ahead of where it should be.
    In other words...
    TAKERU: "You have to be kidding me... I'm an hour late."
    ???: "You should try waking up earlier."
    TAKERU: "Who are you?"
    KENTA: "Undou Kenta. We're roommates, remember?"
    When I refocus my eyes from the watch face to that big gray shape behind it, standing over me...
    I sit up. Sure enough, the unidentified lump from last night is now standing in the middle of the room, speaking slowly as if I'm about five yeards old.
    KENTA: "You are Ichiro Takeru, correct? Good morning."
    TAKERU: "Yeah... Hi. Good morning."
    TAKERU: "You can talk to me normally, you know. I'm not stupid."
    KENTA: "Are you sure?"
    TAKERU: "What kind of a question is that?"
    KENTA: "I'm not sure what you mean by 'kinds of questions' but you overslept. I think students here shouldn't oversleep."
    TAKERU: "You're allowed to wake me up, you know."
    With his bookbag and uniform on, he looks like he's about two minutes away from heading out the door and up the road to school. How long was he standing there waiting for me to wake up?
    TAKERU: "Hey have you seen my clothes? My uniform and everything were in my bag but then when I got in last night - "
    KENTA: "I got a pretty good look at them, yes. Why do you ask?"
    TAKERU: "I mean, do you know where they are?"
    KENTA: "They're in our dresser. You should make sure to put your things away. I don't mind taking care of cleaning up once in a while but I don't like not being able to find things."
    TAKERU: "I..."
    TAKERU: "'Our' dresser? What - "
    TAKERU: "No, hang on, I've been here for less than a day, how do you expect to clean anything if - "
    One of us has gone off the deep end, I'm not sure which.
    TAKERU: "Alright, let's make this easy. Kenta, I need pants. Where can I find my pants?"
    KENTA: "Casual, or the Mirako uniform?"
    TAKERU: "Kenta, I'm up late on a school day. Which do you think?"
    KENTA: "Most likely the uniform, but you've made a bunch of strange choices this morning so I think this might be a trick question."
    TAKERU: "Not a trick question, I just want my pants, please."
    KENTA: "Bottom drawer, left side."
    TAKERU: "Thanks."
    I guess this guy must've taken it on himself to fold and pack all my clothes into the dresser? Kind of weird but maybe he was trying to be helpful to a new -
    TAKERU: "Wait. These aren't mine."
    KENTA: "I think the ones you brought are towards the bottom. They seemed dirty so I washed them while you were out."
    TAKERU: "How am I supposed to tell which are mine?"
    KENTA: "I'm not sure why you'd want to know that, but you could probably start by looking at the tags. That's the approach I'd take, although it might have some error because we're about the same size. You could try - "
    TAKERU: "I'd want to know that so I don't steal your clothes."
    KENTA: "I wouldn't describe it as stealing. Our clothes are a shared resource. Stealing usually refers..."
    While I start to contemplate the implications of my roommate seeing our clothes as a "shared resource" while listening to Kenta's technical definition of theft, I start realizing I really don't care at this point and I just want pants, Kenta's or not.
    TAKERU: "Shirt. Where do I get a shirt, Kenta?"
    KENTA: "Top clothes drawer, right half."
    TAKERU: "Great."
    I reach for the drawer, but -
    KENTA: "Top clothes drawer. That's the top drawer of the dresser, but not the top clothes drawer, which is one below."
    TAKERU: "What's in there then?"
    When I open it, the drawer rattles. Or rather, the contents clang rattle. Instead of socks or ties or whatever I was expecting, there's a pile of spare change.
    KENTA: "Careful there. If you open it too fast you'll disturb my coin collection."
    I'm getting that feeling again, that there's something beating into the back of my brain and I'll really wake up back in the clinic and start laughing about this terrible terrible nightmare I had.
    TAKERU: "Why? Why is your coin collection my dresser drawer?"
    KENTA: "It's technically the overflow. Most of my collection is in the other dresser over there but I ran out of room."
    TAKERU: "You're telling me you have so many coins that you filled up your own dresser so you had to take over mine? What are you even - "
    KENTA: "See they're both 'our' dressers, much like the coin collection is 'ours' and the clothes are also 'ours.' We're one the same side in this."
    TAKERU: "Okay, great, I'm glad we're on the same side. Help me find a shirt."
    KENTA: "Top clothes drawer, right half."
    TAKERU: "Great, you're the best."
    Under Kenta's direction, I manage to assemble a full set of clothes. We only have one more minor misunderstanding when I disrespect the sock color coding system.
    Half of what I'm wearing is probably his, but it's lucky we're about the same size. Or, he looks more muscular than me, even. I must be out of shape wihtout regular visits to Tohoku's training room.
    I'm guessing Kenta needed to bulk up to prevent other people from beating him out of frustration. By the time I'm ready, I think I've probably lost a half hour of time before class, and half a year off my lifespan in general.
    The kicker is, through all this, this guy has the idea to talk to me like I'm the one not making sense.
    ...I almost admire his nerve.
    TAKERU: "Right, finally..."
    TAKERU: "Just need my papers."
    KENTA: "Papers?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah, a couple of printouts, plus a map of Mirako. Is there a drawer for paperwork?"
    KENTA: "That's on the shelf above the desk, sorted by due date. I wouldn't recommend trying to resort those though until you're more familiar with how things work around here."
    KENTA: "I don't have a map system yet. You said there was one in your bag?"
    TAKERU: "No I would've brought it back last night. Unless..."
    A replay flashes past: me, in a barely lit corner of Mirako, tripping over a table, a cloud of papers flying everywhere that I fail to ever pick up...
    I was probably in such a hurry to put some distance between me and that white-haired girl that I never even noticed.
    TAKERU: "Never mind, let's get going."
    I'm not really sure where I got the idea that we'd be leaving for Mirako together, but then again, he has wait all this time for me to wake up and get my act together that it seems like a given.
    
    To my surprise there are still a few students hanging around the common room on our way out. Maybe I'm not as late as I thought?
    I was intending to cross the bridge again and walk to Mirako rather than wait for the inconvenient country bus schedule, which seems to be the norm for most of my classmates. A bike wouldn't hurt, but then again Shizukawa seems to have more hills than actual buildings.
    When we come to the bridge, I spot that same burned building from last night. It really is an eyesore, out on the riverbank. I don't have much nostalgia for country views and scenery but even I can tell that this would be a pleasant spot without that black shell there.
    On the other side of the river, the main road meanders away into woods, following the water, and the path to Mirako switches back along a steep hill. I'm keeping a good pace, but Kenta doesn't even slow down the hill, always a step ahead.
    I spot something sticking out the top of his jacket though. Is that... a tag? Is his shirt on backwards or something?
    But we're at the main gate, now, and apparently it's in Kenta's head to just keep walking straight in.
    TAKERU: "Hey, hold up a sec."
    KENTA: "Did you need something?"
    TAKERU: "You're in 2A right?"
    KENTA: "No, 2B. Goodbye."
    TAKERU: "Wait, what?"
    KENTA: "...Goodbye."
    KENTA: "...When someone says goodbye, it's considered polite to say 'goodbye' back."
    TAKERU: "That..."
    TAKERU: "Sorry, can you point me where I'm supposed to head for homeroom? This school is a rat's nest and I managed to lose that map yesterday."
    KENTA: "It depends what side of the school you're coming from. The approach I'd take would be to go the main staircase and from there turn onto the main hall."
    KENTA: "Room numbering is sequential, usually, but only when the rooms are numbered."
    KENTA: "Goodbye."
    TAKERU: "Looks, can you just - "
    KENTA: "When someone says goodbye, it's considered - "
    TAKERU: "Hey, I'm sorry, I know I'm not being polite."
    TAKERU: "It's my first day here, I'm late, everything I own has either been lost or sorted without my consent into a dresser drawer storage system, and now I've got no idea where I'm supposed to be for class."
    TAKERU: "Is it really that big a deal if you showed me where to go? You have to know how this feels, right?"
    KENTA: "Not really."
    There isn't even a second of hesitation.
    And then he starts walking away towards the front doors. Great.
    KENTA: "Are you coming? You should hurry if you still want to be on time."
    TAKERU: "What? I mean yeah, I'm coming, I guess, I just thought - "
    KENTA: "It's not possible to know what anyone else is feeling."
    TAKERU: "You can guess though."
    KENTA: "I'm a bad guesser."
    TAKERU: "Thanks, then."
    He doesn't hold the door open and it almost closes on my face. Anyone else and I would've thought it was intentional.
    Whoever that last guy in 401 was... I don't blame him for transfering out.
    While I'm sure pretty much anyone else on earth wouldn't have communalized my clothes, at least Kenta's willing to ferry me around. Or, at least I hope he's bringing me where I should be going.
    TAKERU: "How long have you been at Mirako?"
    KENTA: "About ten minutes. Probably about the same time as you. Or is that a trick question?"
    TAKERU: "I mean I wanted to know how long you'd been a student here."
    KENTA: "A year and between a week and a month, depending on how you define student."
    KENTA: "There are some students from Shizukawa who come to Mirako but most of us are just here for high school."
    KENTA: "Goodbye."
    TAKERU: "Huh?"
    KENTA: "It's considered polite to..."
    Fair enough. We're standing outside a classroom labeled 2A. Kenta has done his job.
    TAKERU: "Bye, Kenta."
    He nods at me and walks off the way we came. I'm not really sure if he thinks I'm an idiot or he just comes across as the sort of person that thinks everyone's an idiot. Tough to tell when I don't think I've seen any trace of emotion from him, either.
    This... will be a difficult living situation, to the say the least. But least he dropped me off in front of the right room.

    When I step in, it looks basically like a classroom from Tohoku.
    Windows open, posters on the wall, rows of desks.
    And everyone talking about nothing, filtering in, taking their seats, buzzing about class or the weekend or nothing in particular.
    At least that's how everyone was before I stepped into the room. Once I'm here, it's a subtle change, but one I notice immdiately.
    Everyone is paying attention to me. Sure, a few of them carry on talking to friends or shuffling through book but I can tell I'm what they're watching in the corner of their eyes.
    My guard is up. Ever since I talked to Hikari my guard is up. I feel like what I am is branded on forehead: here stands Takeru, forever 'not quite right.'
    I'm bailed out by a voice from the front of the room:
    KUNIDA: "Hey, it's Takeru. You made it."
    This guy again. He's homeroom teacher? I'd almost rather have been left stranded at the door.
    TAKERU: "Hi."
    KUNIDA: "Why don't you come up here and introduce yourself?
    KUNIDA: "This is a bad occassion to have the class rep out... Shame too, she's very pleasant, you'll have to meet her later."
    KUNIDA: "Hey everyone! I'd like you to meet your new classmate. Takeru, the floor is yours."
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    I'm not being side-eyed by anyone now -- they're all looking straight at me. Thanks, Mr. Kunida.
    TAKERU: "Er... Hello."
    TAKERU: "..."
    KUNIDA: "You could start with your name, that's usually a safe bet."
    TAKERU: "Right. I'm Ichiro Takeru. I'm new but you all probably figured that out."
    TAKERU: "..."
    I have never understood stagefright. Even in my first game at Tohoku, I didn't get nerves out on the mound or anything like that. You can't get nervous about what you're there to do.
    But this particular time is different for some reason. Maybe because I know that there's this lingering implication that as a Mirako transfer I'm someone strange and someone to be avoided.
    KUNIDA: "Where'd you transfer from? Any hobbies?"
    TAKERU: "I went to Tohoku Highschool for a year. I used be on the - "
    TAKERU: "No hobbies."
    Great, now everyone knows I'm defective, a stutterer, and also the most boring person in the universe.
    I'll cut my losses.
    TAKERU: "Nice to meet you all."
    I head for the desks, but then realize I have no idea where to sit. There are two open seats in roughly the middle of the classroom so... I'll just grab one and hope for the best.
    The atmosphere around me slowly returns to normal.
    I intentionally sat down next to the guy on my right who looks like he's scrambling through last night's homework, rather than the desk to my left, where the girl on the left...
    Well, she's just decided to usurp the empty desk next to mine and move over. Great.
    ???: "Hey! I'm Natsumi. Nice to meet you Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Nice... to meet you."
    NATSUMI: "Don't worry about the desk. Meiko's out for like half the week and I'm sure she wouldn't mind."
    NATSUMI: "But yeah, you said you were at Tohoku?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah. I changed schools over break."
    NATSUMI: "Interesting, interesting. And you said you were on a certain... team?"
    TAKERU: "No hobbies."
    NATSUMI: "Well if you were talking about the baseball team, I mean, Tohoku's a top-of-line school, longest running summer league champions back in the 60's right? You don't get like that treating baseball as a hobby."
    TAKERU: "I meant I wasn't in any teams or clubs or anything."
    NATSUMI: "Are you sure?"
    She eyes me up and down.
    There's something disconcerting about being shamelessly appraised by a member of the opposite sex.
    TAKERU: "I'm pretty sure."
    NATSUMI: "Weird. My ears must be playing tricks on me."
    NATSUMI: "But hey if you went to Tohoku I'm sure you've got to be a huge baseball nerd at least."
    NATSUMI: "If you're looking for a sports club, I'm captain of the baseball team this year. With me at the helm we've actually got a shot in regionals. Like, not a good shot, but if you check my stats you'd get it. I'm pretty good, you know."
    Natsumi mimes swinging a bat. I do my best not to cringe.
    I want to ask for her RBI or her slugging percent or anything but then again I have no idea in what backwater league the Mirako team must play in, captained by this... girl... sitting next to me.
    And I definitely don't want anything to do with this team. Natsumi has started on about last year's tournament run, and all the graduating seniors putting in their best, and I feel like I could be listening to Jun ramble about Tohoku history back in the old locker room.
    In other words, it's extremely discomforting.
    TAKERU: "Thanks but I'll probably join like math club or something."
    NATSUMI: " - so I'm looking to add some good arms to the roster before - "
    NATSUMI: "Wait there's a math club here?"
    TAKERU: "I don't know, I just got here. I just meant I wasn't interested in joining your - "
    NATSUMI: "If you're into math, that's almost as good. I need a math buddy or I'm going to fail this midterm for sure. Kunida's only nice because he's the toughest damn teacher in the building, but if Takeru the math whiz is sitting next to me..."
    TAKERU: "I suck at math. I'd more be joining the rememdial math club."
    NATSUMI: "That's also not a club."
    TAKERU: "Whatever. Don't you also sit one desk over, too?"
    NATSUMI: "Yeah but Meiko's the best, she'd be down to switch just for exam day."
    NATSUMI: "If she weren't such an honor student I'd just copy off her but I guess no one's perfect."
    A few people behind me laugh. When did they start watching me I'm sure I didn't know these guys why are they listening in on - 
    NATSUMI: "Oh, yeah, hey, this is Makoto, my first baseman. And back there is Hiro, he's a pinch runner but mostly just my stats guy. Moneyball, right? And - "
    I introduce myself to about five other people. All guys, and all apparently teammates or hangers-on of Natsumi.
    It looks like I've actually sat myself right down into the social center of 2A.
    But that's to be expected, right? At Tohoku, Jun wasn't captain because he was the best player, he was the captain because everyone knew him.
    He might not have been the best but I don't think he held it against me or if he did he tried not to show it he tried but -
    No.
    I note that in addition to avoiding anything baseball-related, I should also avoid Natsumi and anything Natsumi-related.
    It always seems like that always leads to those racing thoughts.
    NATSUMI: "So you'll come check out a practice some time, yeah?"
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    TAKERU: "Sure."
    And by 'sure' I mean never.
    TAKERU: "Wait, Mirako even has a field? Is that on this side of the river or - "
    NATSUMI: "Shhh!"
    Oh. Mr. Kunida's started into the lesson, but I'm pretty sure that happened while Natsumi was talking, not me.
    Whatever.
    I shut up and try to take notes.
    
    I've never thought of myself as a stupid person.
    While I struggled a bit in middle school, I always had a friend to help me out of the tough spots, and with her help I didn't do too poorly.
    At Tohoku, it was expected that the star players prioritize the team over their studies, and the teachers understood that on some level. And when they didn't, I always had my fans to slip me a copy of the test, or pass a tip about a quiz, and so on.
    But now, at Mirako, I realize I have to actually care about these things now.
    Getting into a good college never mattered before because I wouldn't be going to college at all. I'd be headed for a pro team right of high school. I had scouts on me a month after I showed up.
    But now, where I'd pitied anyone who'd had to torture themselves over grades or gone to cram school or any of that other nonsense...
    Am I going to have to do the same? Should I care that I'm not getting any of this?
    Because while Kunida has a smile on his face, and he's talking to us as if this is just a normal conversation, the stuff he's chalking onto the board is beyond the ken of mortal men.
    Natsumi, still in the desk next to me, is rubbing her forehead. I'm at least I'm not the only one who's totally in the dark.
    KUNIDA: "Takeru. You know the answer to this one?"
    TAKERU: "No."
    KUNIDA: "No worries. Remind me to get you the page numbers for the first few weeks' materials and you'll be up to speed in no time. Anyone else got this? Iijima?"
    Natsumi's 'numbers guy' behind me to the left fumbles through an answer, but Mr. Kunida just smiles and doubles down on his explanation.
    It makes just as little sense as last time.
    I feel like I'm drowning.
    
    Kunida finishes his part, and I'm met by a succession of slightly more bearble but slightly less interesting lessons.
    The whole time it feels like I'm working more to blend in here than to actually take in what the teachers are saying.
    When it's time for lunch, I'm relieved... Until Natsumi swivels her chair with a ear-rendig screech and turns 90 degrees to face me.
    NATSUMI: "Hey Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Hi."
    NATSUMI: "You're grabbing lunch, right?"
    TAKERU: "I guess, I mean I hadn't really thought..."
    Then I notice that the first baseman, the numbers guy, and the rest of Natsumi's team slash fan club are also turning their desks and talking that I realize I want no part in this.
    TAKERU: "Sounds great but I need to..."
    TAKERU: "I left some paperwork behind that I really need to find so I don't really have to grab lunch, thanks though."
    NATSUMI: "Hmmm..."
    She gives me that once-over again and I decide the sooner I get out of here the better.
    TAKERU: "See you later."
    With that crisis narrowly averted, I stand catching my breath outside 2A.
    I wasn't really lying though. I should try to find that map I managed to lose yesterday before we have a lab class I'm forced to admit I have no idea where I am.
    Hoping I can find that old tearoom I was at yesterday, I head up a stairway... and immediately lose my bearings.
    When Mr. Kunida was leading me yesterday... We didn't pass in front of this huge window right?
    Not that I don't appreciate the view.
    Mirako has a bunch of picnic tables set out on the front lawn. I'm standing on a sort of overhead passage where I can see from the window onto the grounds below.
    It looks... nice out there. Nostalgic for something. Not sure what. Regardless I should keep moving.
    I pass down a staircase, past a room I recognize from yesterday, and from there into a old wing of the school.
    The whole place starts to become dustier, dinger. I must be on the right track.
    Sure enough, I pass a piano room, a storage room, the office of Mr. Kunida, then a Japanese-style room with the door slid shut.
    This must be it.
    TAKERU: "Hello?"
    I bang on the shut door. Once. Twice. Thrice again for good measure.
    TAKERU: "I'm coming in."
    I'm expecting stand face to face with some sort of demon but of course there's nobody there. I'd think this tearoom were long-abandoned except for the junk stacked on the corner shelves. Chess sets, paintings, papers, boxes and trinkets...
    It's extraordinaly dark. There's a window at the far end of the room, but the curtains are drawn shut.
    Taking care to avoid to low table in the center of the room, I throw open the curtains.
    There's nothing on the table except a large paperback book. Which is weird enough considering I could've sworn I left all my papers there, but the weirder thing, however, is the person staring at said book.
    In the slanted light from the window, I can only see half of her face, the rest shadowed, but it's the same girl from yesterday.
    TAKERU: "You!"
    HIKARI: "...Hello."
    She's not even looking at me.
    HIKARI: "If you were looking for someone, there's nobody else here."
    TAKERU: "Sorry, I mean, I even knocked this time."
    HIKARI: "This time?"
    TAKERU: "I was here yesterday and I think I left all my papers around here. You're Hikari, right?"
    HIKARI: "You know my name?"
    Hikari stares at me, no longer frowning but just wide-eyed.
    Dust drifts in the light between us. I'd probably better sit down.
    TAKERU: "Yeah, we met less than 24 hours ago. Are you an amnesiac or something?"
    HIKARI: "No. I guess..."
    HIKARI: "I'm very used to other people pretending to be amnesiacs when it comes to anything to do with me."
    TAKERU: "But you forgot me?"
    HIKARI: "No, I remember someone was in here yesterday and dropped their things everywhere, and talking a bit, but..."
    HIKARI: "Sorry. When everyone says the same things it starts to blend a bit."
    HIKARI: "Your name was..."
    TAKERU: "Takeru. I'm in 2A."
    HIKARI: "Oh."
    TAKERU: "And you're sure I didn't leave any papers here?"
    HIKARI: "No, you did. You left them all over the floor."
    TAKERU: "And a textbook?"
    HIKARI: "No, that was definitely here at some point. You tossed it halfway across the room when you were tearing off the curtains.
    I glance at the window. The curtains are back... or at least, halfway back. Whoops.
    HIKARI: "It was quite the show, really."
    It's funny, it's like some circuit clicked on and now she's smiling and bright. Just as sharp, though.
    TAKERU: "Then what happened? You know that's what I came here for, right?"
    It sure wasn't to run into her hiding in the dark again. In fact I took specific steps to avoid that.
    HIKARI: "Someone took them."
    TAKERU: "What? What do you mean? Who?"
    HIKARI: "Oh just... somebody irrelevant."
    TAKERU: "Well they're relevant to me if they stole all my forms! Plus my school map's in there and this place is a maze. I think I've got a lab after lunch and I have no idea where to go."
    TAKERU: "You're sure you don't know who took them?"
    HIKARI: "Some girl."
    TAKERU: "That's really all you got?"
    Hikari shrugs and offers a wry grin. It's a weirdly jerky movement.
    HIKARI: "People tend to run together."
    Maybe her eyesight's shot from sitting here in the dark all day. I look at the book sitting in front of her. It's full of diagrams. Some textbook?
    TAKERU: "What are doing down here anyway? Studying?"
    HIKARI: "No, that's just a hobby."
    Hikari looks at the book, but makes no effort to do anything else about it.
    TAKERU: "Well I'm sorry to intrude."
    HIKARI: "No, I'm glad you came actually. As much as I have to do down here it can be a little monotonous."
    TAKERU: "You enjoy it down here?"
    HIKARI: "Not exactly but I make do. It's familiar and out of the way. It's not like I've been quarantined here."
    TAKERU: "Not quite what I meant..."
    I could think of several dozen places I'd rather be than down here reading in the dark.
    One of those places would be the cafeteria, buying lunch.
    TAKERU: "I should probably just go find my stuff."
    HIKARI: "Before you go..."
    TAKERU: "Huh?"
    I've risen up to leave already, but she's still looking at where I was sitting.
    HIKARI: "...How are things going out there, at Mirako?"
    TAKERU: "What do you mean?"
    HIKARI: "My perspective makes it difficult to really see how..."
    HIKARI: "I don't see much of..."
    She's oddly tongue-tied. And back to that monotone she had yesterday. Guess the switch turned off.
    TAKERU: "I've only been here half a day, after all. Is this supposed to be what you were talking about yesterday? No one's accused me of belonging in a mental institution or anything."
    HIKARI: "..."
    TAKERU: "You were right, by the way. I was diagnosed with schizophrenia a month ago. That's when Tohoku dropped me."
    They dropped me a bit before that, but it's all the same thing.
    HIKARI: "I regret saying that, yesterday. Guarding your speech is an art and I've falled a bit out of practice."
    HIKARI: "And I'm sorry to ask you such general and useless questions. Usually I'm a little more precise.
    Hikari frowns at me for a couple seconds, but then just looks back down at her book.
    HIKARI: "You should probably grab lunch."
    TAKERU: "I wouldn't know how to get to the cafeteria either way."
    HIKARI: "Grab some paper. You'll probably need this written down."
    I get enough information from to sketch out roughly how to get to the cafeteria, back to class, to my lab, and then back to this unused room again.
    It probably would've been easier if she had just drawn up a map but she seems to refuse to move from her spot there at the table, and I try to copy her low, rapid instructions.
    It's funny speaking to her. I'm not ever really sure if she's talking to me or someone ten feet behind me.
    TAKERU: "Thanks. This should keep me alive until I find whoever stole my stuff."
    HIKARI: "You could also just ask for another map. Or for someone to show you around. Or a number of other things."
    TAKERU: "Well, er, thanks I'll look into it."
    HIKARI: "You'll be back, right?"
    I'm trying to figure out how to respond to her when I notice something out of the corner of my eye.
    Eyes... Corner...
    There is a pair of eyes watching me from the door in the corner of the room. Someone out there is watching me.
    TAKERU: "Hang on."
    But when I get up and open the door, there's no one there. No one in the hall even, except for...
    One girl at the far end, sprinting away.
    HIKARI: "What was that about?"
    TAKERU: "I don't know. Something about me just inspires to people run away immediately. This is the second time in two days."
    HIKARI: "Believable."
    HIKARI: "Enjoy your lunch."
    TAKERU: "I'll try."
    
    If I have any time left, I'll try, that is.
    Even knowing where I'm going I still have to check my notes from Hikari. I really could just ask anyone but for some reason that seems unappealing.
    Probably just because I'm sure I must stand out now, walking around here, alone.
    I was never the sort to just wander through the halls by myself. When I went somewhere, it was with my teammates and friends.
    As I make my way back to class, there's chatter from groups of two or three walking here and there, but not the bustle that I always kicked off.
    It's like that until I arrive at the entrance of our lab class, where I hear about a dozen voices all laughing and talking over each other.
    It's Natsumi, and a bunch of guys following her around. It feels like I've stepped through a mirror and fallen on the other side. Isn't that usually... me up there?
    Actually, I spot another familiar face. There's my roommate, Kenta, apparently halfway through an argument with Natsumi herself.
    Guess they must know each other. I try to slip through but -
    NATSUMI: "Hey! Hey Takeru, how's it going?"
    TAKERU: "Oh. Alright."
    KENTA: "Good afternoon, Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Oh, hey Kenta."
    NATSUMI: "Oh nice, you guys know each other?"
    TAKERU: "Well, I wouldn't say - "
    KENTA: "Yes, Takeru's my new roommate."
    NATSUMI: "Neat. Shun didn't last?"
    KENTA: "He had some very odd ideas about what being a roommate did or did not mean. I don't really know where he picked that up."
    NATSUMI: "Some people, right?"
    NATSUMI: "Guess you lucked into a nice situation though, eh Takeru?"
    I want to ask her if she's joking.
    NATSUMI: "Kenta was my math buddy last year. Top tier, would recommend."
    KENTA: "I don't think 'buddy' the right term. That would imply an equal relationship. I think I'd call myself a tutor and you more of... I don't know. Math leech?"
    NATSUMI: "Yep! Thanks Kenta, you're great."
    NATSUMI: "Buuut now I'm high and dry this year."
    KENTA: "I need to go. I don't want to be late for class."
    NATSUMI: "Seeya."
    He crosses the hall and enters the door across from the lab.
    TAKERU: "Aren't there still five minutes before class?"
    NATSUMI: "Free tip for you if you're living with Kenta: don't make him late."
    TAKERU: "I don't know how I'm going to deal with this..."
    NATSUMI: "What do you mean? Kenta's great, plus if you ask enough times he'll make sure you won't fail anything."
    NATSUMI: "Did you guys grab lunch together."
    TAKERU: "No, hardly had time to eat, I was just searching for my papers. Apparently someone stole them."
    NATSUMI: "That explains it! I was looking for you and then you vanished."
    NATSUMI: "Well tomorrow we'll have to catch you then."
    For some reason she seems really literal about the whole "catch" thing.
    Well, whatever. I find somewhere to sit and settle in for afternoon classes.

    By the end of the day I'm exhausted. I was hoping that starting a couple weeks later wouldn't be such a big deal, but between the differences in Mirako and Tohoku curriculum, this is going to be an unpleasant, uphill battle.
    At least I've sort of figured out Mirako's floor plan, at least enough to find my way out to the entrance.
    On the way, I find myself on the second floor, on a walkway alongside the big glass paneling that make up Mirako's front.
    It's a decent view of the school grounds. Mirako is built on what has to be the only level stretch of ground on this side of the river, and the picnic tables and odd paths that lead around the school are all on differing elevations.
    Then past that, there's a steep drop to the road, and another drop to the river.
    I start trying to spot that ruin I saw the other night, when I feel a sharp pressure in my shoulder, like I've been bit by an overly large mosquito.
    TAKERU: "Ow!"
    When I turn around, I almost don't recognize the person standing in front of me. I'm pretty sure I only caught a glance of her back as she was running away from me down in the old hallway this afternoon, but...
    Has to be her.
    TAKERU: "What was that for?"
    ???: "Um er um, errr..."
    ???: "You don't... You're actually..."
    I'm worried she's about to take off again.
    ???: "You're not a ghost."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    ???: "If you were a ghost I wouldn't have been able to touch you but..."
    
    
    
    