day07:
    
    At least today I have the pleasure of sleeping in.
    I can sleep past dawn, free of Kenta.
    Free... of Kenta?
    I wake up. Yep, no sign of him.
    It's well past dawn, too. That's a first, and it's great and all, but...
    TAKERU: "How late did I sleep? What did I miss?"
    Compared to our room's usual spotless appearance, something is subtly... wrong.
    A few empty one-liter bottles lie by the door. A few cardboard boxes sit in a pile by the corner. Something smells sweet, almost sickly.
    Oh and the dressers are entirely missing.
    While Kenta did say it was embalming day, and I understand that he probably took them outside rather than unleash some chemical weapon in my dorm room...
    TAKERU: "My clothes were in there too... Not just your idiot spiders."
    TAKERU: "Dammit."
    At least I don't have anywhere to be until after lunch, and if I don't make it the so-called ghost hunt, I can just study here rather than up at the old library.
    There's a voice outside the door.
    Kenta must be back, good timing.
    TAKERU: "Hey Kenta, thanks for not gassing me in my sleep but if next time you could leave like some pants for me or something that'd - "
    NATSUMI: "Oh, 'morning Takeru. Did you just roll out of bed? Finally ready to help me and Kenta with the - "
    TAKERU: "Nope. Goodbye."
    I slam the door.
    TAKERU: "I don't care how late it is, this is still too early for... that."
    Repeat after me: they are not actually intentionally out to get you. Kenta and Natsumi are just trying to be friendly, but they suck at it. They're aren't intentionally trying to make your life painful.
    No use. I can't convince myself. Hell is other people.
    There's a knock on the door.
    NATSUMI: "Hey! I only came up to drop off all this laundry!"
    TAKERU: "You... what?"
    NATSUMI: "Yeah, Kenta and the team are brewing up a storm out there so I figured I'd rescue your clothes. You can thank me later!"
    The footsteps vanish.
    When I open the door again, the pile of tangled shirts and inside-out socks almost makes me wish Kenta's personal laundry service. Except all of this reeks of chemicals.
    TAKERU: "Wonderful."
    Just once I want a day off around here.
    
    About an hour later, I head downstairs.
    Whatever is going on outside is leaking. I can smell it, I swear. There are only dozen or so people in the common room, eating a late breakfast or early lunch. Everyone must be outside escaping that chemical odor.
    Or maybe just enjoying the day.
    It's bright out. I immediately spot Kenta and Natsumi around the side of the building, mostly because they've got two dorm dressers out on the lawn, along with a few plastic paint buckets, probably the source of that reek.
    TAKERU: "Hey Kenta, Natsumi. How'd you two even get those down here?"
    KENTA: "Good morning. You're talking about the dressers?"
    TAKERU: "What else?"
    NATSUMI: "I brought a few helping hands."
    Kenta and Natsumi aren't the only ones laboring over the buckets. A couple of guys I recognize from class are wandering around.
    The baseball team? Do they always follow Natsumi around or something?
    KENTA: "If you'd like to help, there's still another mixing phase left to figure out."
    TAKERU: "Sorry, I have er, other plans."
    Before I turn to go - 
    TAKERU: "Just make sure those dressers make it back up to our room, okay?"
    KENTA: "Obviously."
    NATSUMI: "Oh yeah, no need to thank me for your clothes, Takeru!"
    A few of the guys in baseball hats chuckle behind me.
    I don't really think where I'm walking.
    It's odd for me now to see "baseball team member" as shorthand for "Natsumi's sycophant" vs "my sycophant." Maybe that's why I can't bear them.
    Just have to remember... Natsumi and Kenta are just well-meaning idiots. I hope.
    Well, throw me, a normal idiot into the mix and the whole balance is off.
    TAKERU: "Screw it, who am I kidding... it's not like everyone's life revolves around me anyway."
    Still I don't especially want to hang around the common room today. I grab a quick lunch then set out for nowhere in particular.  
    Shizukawa isn't exactly a happening place.
    What do people even do up here, halfway up a mountainside? Farm? It's not like any tourists would show up here.
    Whose bright idea was it to set up a boarding school in a town like this? Tohoku wasn't in a city either, but at least there I had practice to fill just about every empty minute so it wasn't an issue.
    Now I'm just... aimless.
    It's nowhere near when I'm supposed to meet Mana and Hagami at Mirako, but I start heading in that direction anyway. I can use the spare time to go through all those forms Meiko gave me.
    
    I haven't seen Mirako this empty since the day I arrived a week ago.
    This probably isn't the sort of place where even the serious clubs meet on the off days. Even the picnic tables out front are empty.
    Still though... With its archaic, sprawling look, to anyone passing by, it must look abandoned.
    Abandoned, and even in the daylight... slightly haunted?
    TAKERU: "Don't be stupid, Takeru."
    If I manage to psych myself out in broad daylight, it doesn't bode well for tonight.
    Walking up to the front door...
    It doesn't open.
    This makes perfect sense, but it also reinforce the fact that I am an idiot.
    I might as well work outside.
    The stack of papers entrusted to me by Meiko are all club submissions for one thing or another. Mostly budget requests? Looks like there are a few forms here for new clubs. I even spot one with Mana's name on it.
    Except they've all been viciously attacked with a red pen. Seems no one in this school can fill out a form properly. So my job is to hunt down all these people.
    The first step is probably putting together a list of names and classes. There must be at least thirty of these.
    This is going to suck, seeing as I know about six people here. How am I supposed to contact these people anyway? Hang out outside the upperclassmen's rooms on the top floor and ambush them at lunch? Go through a yearbook to find out what anyone looks like?
    I'll stick to the listmaking for now.
    After I'm about halfway through, there's movement at the gate.
    Not an earlybird ghost, just an earlybird student. It's Hagami.
    TAKERU: "Hey! Hagami?"
    Still a ways off, Hagami only nods. It takes a minute before she makes it over to my table.
    TAKERU: "Guess you decided to show up early too? Nothing better to do?"
    HAGAMI: "...There's something unpleasant going on at the dorms today."
    TAKERU: "Oh, yeah. That's probably Kenta and Natsumi stinking the place up. It kind of makes the place unlivable."
    TAKERU: "Sorry to dissappoint though. Mirako's locked."
    In reply, Hagami holds up loop of ribbon, off of which hangs a key.
    TAKERU: "Wait, that'll get us in? Where'd you get that?"
    HAGAMI: "It's from Mana. A copy."
    TAKERU: "Well I guess it's better than literally breaking into the school, but where'd she get a key?"
    She shrugs and starts heading towards the front door while I gather my things.
    Although, maybe I should've just stayed out here. Hagami was probably looking for a quiet place to work without my lazing around.
    But she holds the door, and we head for the library.
    It's probably halfway there when I realize the footsteps behind me have stopped.
    TAKERU: "Are you coming? We are headed upstairs right?"
    HAGAMI: "I'll... be there."
    HAGAMI: "Before I forget. Here."
    TAKERU: "What is that? For me?"
    She's holding out an empty potato sack.
    HAGAMI: "For you."
    TAKERU: "This is a joke, right?"
    HAGAMI: "It's for you."
    TAKERU: "It's a sack."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "Fine."
    TAKERU: "Are you not coming up to the old library?"
    HAGAMI: "I'll be there. I just need to..."
    We're in the unused hallway where Mr. Kunida and Hikari both prefer to spend their time. Hagami has her eye on a half-open room I don't recognize, at the head of the hall.
    TAKERU: "I get it. See you in a bit."
    I keep walking.
    Yeah, my first impression was correct. Of course if Hagami's trying to get away from everyone at the dorms then hanging around in silence with me, who might as well be a stranger, is probably not all that appealing.
    It's funny. The only people trying to spend any actual time with me are people with very screwed up ideas of how that time should be spent: Kenta, Natsumi, etc.
    And maybe Meiko, I guess. I don't mind Meiko.
    So while I'm tempted to be offended that I've been ditched by Hagami, it's half a relief. She's the only one around here that seems to be running away from people faster than I am. It's just her bad luck to get saddled with me.
    The tea room is on my left. Natural territory of Hikari, the only one around here that people run away from faster than me.
    On a whim, I slide open the door.
    TAKERU: "Hello? Hikari?"
    ...
    TAKERU: "..."
    I guess it was silly of me to expect anyone to be here. Doubly silly considering that the school was locked.
    Sagging shelves, dusty table, curtained window... This place is lonesome without her.
    I continue up to the old library in silence.
    It's not like this room is any better. Covered in scrap paper and half-full of irrelevant books...
    To even sit down I have to clear off sketches of Seiji the Ghost-Headed or whatever his name was. At least it doesn't take long to finish the list of people I need to contact for Meiko.
    Go figure. The only person on this list I've ever heard of is Mana. How am I supposed to find the rest of them? Ask Hagami, the transfer? Mana, the first-year? Kenta, who I'd take even odds doesn't actually remember my name yet?
    It'll have to be Meiko. Brilliant, Takeru, you go to offer her help and then end up having to ask her for help to do her own work.
    I stretch out in my chair.
    Next to me is that potato sack. It looks somehow and suspicious here, out of place. Does Hagami consider it funny to just pass my random objects in the middle of the hall?
    Whatever. Back to work.
    Then there's... a knock on the door?
    TAKERU: "Come in?"
    TAKERU: "I mean it's just me in here, I'm not sure if I'm qualified to tell anyone who can and can't come in, so - "
    Of course, it's just Hagami, who listens to me ramble for a few moments before taking the cardboard box she's carrying and pushing it onto a top shelf.
    TAKERU: "Oh. Welcome back."
    HAGAMI: "Hey."
    TAKERU: "What's with the box?"
    HAGAMI: "Just... lying around."
    With the old box up and out of reach, she empties her bookbag onto the already cluttered table.
    Out pour approximately two hundred red candles and approximately one copy of our math textbook.
    TAKERU: "Candles? In case of a power outage? Or you're just going to study for Kunida's test via candlelight."
    HAGAMI: "You... did come here for the field expedition? Right?"
    TAKERU: "Field expedition? Oh, the ghost hunt. Yeah."
    Hagami shakes her bag and the candles and book are joined by a lopsided, floppy hat with no discernible shape.
    Thankfully, Hagami ignores the pseudo-hat... and instead starts setting up the candles in a circle on the table?
    TAKERU: "A circle of candles... It's still light out, you know."
    HAGAMI: "...Best to get this done sooner than later."
    TAKERU: "I guess I hadn't expected you to take it that seriously. So what are we summoning, the ghost of calculus past?"
    HAGAMI: "...You could give it a shot if you want to. I have other things to do."
    HAGAMI: "Do you mind if I..."
    TAKERU: "If you... what?"
    With the circle of candles complete, she turns on the radio to that indistinct hum.
    TAKERU: "Oh."
    HAGAMI: "Sorry. Hope you don't mind."
    And she ducks behind the math textbook, leaving me with the table full of clutter, a circle outlined in candles, and one extremely ugly hat.
    But for Hagami... It could almost pass for another schoolday, except that instead of reading some incomprehensible foreign book, Hagami is actually studying.
    TAKERU: "You know there's another group study thing tomorrow, if you want to come."
    HAGAMI: "...I'll think about it."
    TAKERU: "No pressure. Seems those things are only as useful as your partner. Plus the stuff you learn from Meiko I guess."
    No response.
    TAKERU: "Hey, do you know who Mana was planning on for the fourth member?"
    HAGAMI: "Fourth... what?"
    TAKERU: "Oh, sorry. I'm going through some paperwork for the student council. Mana's got the whole application for the supernatural club here but even though she forged my signature on it, she's still one member shy."
    TAKERU: "...At least according to all this red ink."
    HAGAMI: "She really did file then..."
    TAKERU: "If you don't know what she's up to, I'll just make Mana deal with it herself."
    TAKERU: "It's funny though. There's a misfiled festival thing here too with the supernatural club on it. Maybe Mana filed by mistake? Because the rest of the thing is blank."
    HAGAMI: "Wait... You..."
    HAGAMI: "A blank form?"
    TAKERU: "Well, I guess it's an application to get stage time at the Mirako summer festival. Nothing on it but 'Group: Mirako Supernatural Club.'"
    TAKERU: "Which is doubly weird because Mana definitely filed for the club under the name 'Mirako Supernatural Enthusiasts and Grand Ghosthunting Order...'"
    TAKERU: "That's marked in red, too by the way. Guess Meiko doesn't like the club name, which is totally understandable because I'd rather never appear in public again that say that name out loud again."
    HAGAMI: "That..."
    HAGAMI: "I had nothing to do with the Grand Ghosthunting..."
    HAGAMI: "Never mind."
    HAGAMI: "But the blank form..."
    TAKERU: "Yeah?"
    HAGAMI: "That's just a joke. You can give that to me."
    TAKERU: "Sure. You're listed as the Vice-Cardinal of the club on the official application so I know I can trust you with - "
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "Don't make that face at me. If you want to complain, take it up with Mana. I'm listed as an 'Auspicious Initiate' and that's arguably worse... Meiko better not have seen this..."
    TAKERU: "What's with the blank form though?"
    HAGAMI: "Just a joke. If you didn't mention this to Mana..."
    TAKERU: "You mean you submitted that?"
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "I really don't understand your humor. But yeah, if you ask, I won't bother her about it. I still need to get a fourth name for the club, though."
    TAKERU: "Y'know I'm kind of considering just skipping that as well."
    HAGAMI: "That would be a dereliction of duty, Initiate Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Hey, aren't I the ony doing you a favor here?"
    HAGAMI: "Yes. Sorry."
    HAGAMI: "Just... pretend that was never filed."
    I hand her the incomplete form.
    We've established that yes, the flat Hagami actually can joke around, but then... the blank form doesn't seem like a joke, if it's supposed to be secret.
    HAGAMI: "How did you get this?"
    TAKERU: "I'm helping out with the festival stuff, sort of."
    HAGAMI: "The... student council?"
    TAKERU: "Not really, I'm just a grunt working for Meiko."
    HAGAMI: "Oh."
    TAKERU: "You know her? She's our class rep."
    HAGAMI: "It's... hard not to know her."
    TAKERU: "So I've heard. Mirako's model student. Self-assured, plan of her own, helping hand, listening ear, all that."
    HAGAMI: "Yeah."
    HAGAMI: "My opposite, I guess."
    TAKERU: "You think? It's funny, we were friends forever ago."
    TAKERU: "She was different back then but I guess she found herself here. Lucky for her. I'd been thinking she was my opposite, the way she seems to have it all figured out..."
    There's no reply. I realize Hagami is trying to hide behind the math book, slim as it is.
    Maybe Meiko is someone I shouldn't bring up. I'll go back to studying.
    
    It's tough to gauge the passing time, except by the sun.
    Sitting here, trying to look productive - it got old an hour ago. Now the buzzing of the radio is driving me crazy.
    Also while it's less dusty than Hikari's basement, I never noticed the air in here before. Probably this is the consequence of dropping off every moldy old paper imaginable from the unused rooms.
    Or maybe it's the new box that Hagami dropped off that's the offender. The thing looks at least a decade old, with its multiple relabelings and discolored splotches.
    Still. This must be better than sitting in the mixed formaldehyde/bleach/methyl fumes Kenta's got cooking down at the dorms.
    Just when I think I can't stand it any longer, Hagami glances up.
    It's more a glance at the window than me. Not quite sundown yet. Still, she speaks.
    HAGAMI: "Where'd you put your..."
    HAGAMI: "Back downstairs, didn't I give you the..."
    TAKERU: "You gave me a potato sack, if that's what you mean."
    HAGAMI: "A potato sack."
    HAGAMI: "Oh. I see. Put it on."
    TAKERU: "What're you talking about? It's a sack. I can't - "
    HAGAMI: "It's a robe."
    TAKERU: "Oh. Wait, you're telling me..."
    I take the brown lump of cloth out from my bag. Sure enough, it's not a potato sack, just a very poorly woven article of clothing. If calling it "clothing" were even appropriate.
    TAKERU: "This looks scratchy as hell. I didn't even notice it had arm holes."
    HAGAMI: "Does it fit?"
    TAKERU: "How should I know?"
    HAGAMI: "...You didn't try it on?"
    TAKERU: "Were you expecting me to?"
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "Yes?"
    HAGAMI: "I brought it just for you."
    TAKERU: "Look, I'm not convinced this can actually be worn without using scissors. Where did you even get this from, anyway? If you made this for me I..."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "Please don't tell me that's actually what happened. You actually made this."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "I still can't wear this though."
    Hagami flips of page.
    HAGAMI: "I'm sorry it isn't good enough for you."
    TAKERU: "That's not what I - "
    She flips another page.
    TAKERU: "Look..."
    The longer I put up a fight, the sillier I'll look against Hagami-brand silent persuasion.
    No one will ever see this. Hagami is the one listed as cardinal-vice-ghosthunt-president or whatever, not me.
    HAGAMI: "You could always take the hat, instead."
    TAKERU: "The..."
    Oh right. The other shapeless, clothy lump on the table. It looks more like a big shapeless sock from here.
    TAKERU: "I'll see if it fits but it's coming off right after."
    TAKERU: "This thing... Did you actually sew buttons into it? Why are they in the back?"
    TAKERU: "Scratchy as hell, too."
    TAKERU: "Are you happy now?"
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "You know, you can be completely unreadable when you want to."
    HAGAMI: "Hi, Mana."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    I whip around only to see...
    Yep that's Mana, wearing a sack identical to my own (plus or minus a dozen pieces of costume jewelry) and practically radiating with enthusiasm.
    MANA: "Ahhhh! Takeru! You came! And you look amazing!"
    TAKERU: "Oh great. Hello, Mana."
    MANA: "I'm so happy you're into this! And your robe's a total match to mine! I love it! It's a great look for you!"
    TAKERU: "Thanks. I mean, er..."
    TAKERU: "Hagami you're a terrible traitor."
    That villain has her face screwed up, not looking at me, but clearly trying to hide her laughter.
    MANA: "Huh?"
    MANA: "Anyway, I hope I didn't keep you guys waiting for long. I almost forgot the white candles! That would've been bad, right Hagami? What would we have done with just the red ones?"
    MANA: "Actually, Hagami, where's your robe?"
    HAGAMI: "Forgot."
    Hagami shrugs. It's the least convincing thing I've ever seen.
    TAKERU: "You can't pretend that you didn't..."
    She flips another page.
    TAKERU: "Never mind. Fine. I'm taking this thing off."
    MANA: "What? Why? I was so happy you showed up with your own gear... I was really counting on you Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Whose bright idea was it to put the buttons in the back? Someone help me get out of - "
    MANA: "Check it out Hagami! I've got all our old stuff, plus a few additions."
    Hagami wasn't the only one packing a weird bag for today. Mana dumps out a few more pieces of fake jewelry, two salt shakers, an industrial-strength flashlight, a brass rabbit, and yet more candles.
    TAKERU: "Salt?"
    MANA: "It's your best line of defense against ghosts if they get mad."
    TAKERU: "Got it."
    MANA: "Although the magic circles don't sure don't hurt. Right Hagami?"
    HAGAMI: "Yes."
    HAGAMI: "They're all set up. I got here early."
    MANA: "Great. Great!"
    MANA: "Now are we gonna get started or what? Hagami?"
    Hagami slams her book shut with a snap and gives Mana some kind of salute.
    MANA: "Roger! Should we assign duties first?"
    HAGAMI: "Candles."
    TAKERU: "Duties? What - "
    MANA: "Takeru, do you want to be the expedition leader?"
    TAKERU: "No. To be I was planning to get some homework done."
    MANA: "Then I'm lead. Takeru, you're on censer duty."
    TAKERU: "Censor what? Look I was kind of just planning to watch. I'm not a full member, so - "
    MANA: "Oh don't be silly! You've got the initiate's robe on, so I hereby dub you an apprentice member of the Grand Ghosthunting Order of the Mirako - "
    TAKERU: "I'm only a member on paper. And even on paper I definitely never signed anything with that club name on it."
    MANA: "Awww..."
    I think the only way this could turn out worse is if I end up suspended for trespassing my second week here, while wearing a potato sack nonetheless...
    MANA: "Well, before we do anything else we need to get the circle set up anyway. You shouldn't need to do much for that."
    MANA: "Hagami, have you seen the matches?"
    But Hagami is fully shielded by Intermediate Mathematics at this point.
    MANA: "They should be around here somewhere..."
    MANA: "Initiate Takeru."
    ...
    TAKERU: "Are you talking to me?"
    MANA: "You're the only initiate and the only Takeru, right?"
    MANA: "Initiate Takeru, your job is to locate the matches. When you find them, bring them to Master Hagami for the traditional lighting of the ghost-hunting candles."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    MANA: "Uhhh, the lighting of the field expedition candles."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    MANA: "Uhhh, bring the candles to Master Mana then I guess. I'll help you look."
    Mana starts searching the pile of candles, then moves on to the cabinets. I'm left to comb the shelves of the old library.
    There's nothing resembling matches. Plenty of foreign language novels, outdated textbooks, and worn sheet music though.
    The one box I haven't checked is on a top shelf in the corner. That's probably the one Hagami carried in earlier?
    All that's in here are some decades-old school papers and cassette tapes. No matches.
    Meanwhile, Hagami leafs through her book, radio on, like it's lunch break.
    I'm pretty sure that's where I'm supposed to be right now: sitting back and watching this mess, not actively tearing this place up looking for matches or ghosts. I won't forgive Hagami for this.
    MANA: "Found them. Hagami, here."
    A few specks of dust rise as the matchbook lands between Hagami and whatever it is she's reading. I'm not very surprised when she pretends not to notice.
    MANA: "I'll hit the lights!"
    MANA: "There! Isn't Mirako so much cooler in the dark? And you can even see the moon from here. This room's the best."
    MANA: "Now..."
    But instead of lighting a match, Mana clicks on her flashlight. And instead of lighting up the room, she holds it under her chin and turns around to face Hagami and me.
    MANA: "Members, and uh, apprentice, of the Mirako supernatural club, are you ready for the greatest ghost hunt of the year?"
    HAGAMI: "Field expedition."
    MANA: "Fine. Master Hagami, are you prepared?"
    Without light, Hagami is forced away from her book. I catch her cringing, but she'll get no pity from me. You're as much responsible for this as me, Hagami.
    HAGAMI: "...Yes. Prepared."
    MANA: "And initiate of the supernatural club, Takeru. Are you ready for your induction?"
    TAKERU: "Induction? I'm not that good with physics. Or do you mean..."
    MANA: "Then it's settled! Tonight we journey to the heart of darkness. To the forbidden reaches of the most mysterious of schools... Mirako High!"
    TAKERU: "What?"
    HAGAMI: "Hooray."
    MANA: "Master Hagami, light the circle!"
    MANA: "Hagami?"
    MANA: "Oh, right. Takeru, want to do the honors? I got these candles just for tonight!"
    TAKERU: "You seem, er, really into this, so I'll leave it to you."
    MANA: "Thanks Takeru! Hagami, can you pass me those? Thanks. Now, let's see... gotta be careful, don't want to light the robe on fire..."
    I wouldn't particularly mind lighting my robe on fire once this is all over.
    MANA: "Alright, if I've got the candles, then Takeru that leaves you with..."
    TAKERU: "Hang on, what's this thing again?"
    Mana's trying to hand me what looks like a bronze rabbit on a chain. I take it, thinking things would be so much easier if I could just pretend to ignore things like Hagami.
    MANA: "It's a censer!"
    TAKERU: "Oh, right. I didn't recognize this one. Aren't they usually shaped like, I don't know, balls with holes in them?"
    MANA: "Any shape works. Hagami always wants to use that other one with runes carved into it and says it has stronger ties to the netherworld..."
    HAGAMI: "It's true."
    MANA: "But this one's tons cuter. We'll attract cuter ghosts like this, I'm sure."
    I'm not so sure, but I unscrew the bottom as Mana strikes another match.
    Before long, a noxious, leafy smell infiltrates the library. It has the distinct flavor of overstewed vegetables. Hagami coughs.
    TAKERU: "This... I'd be really suspicious of any ghost that was attracted to this."
    MANA: "It's Hagami's special incense."
    HAGAMI: "Nope."
    MANA: "You specifically made this back when we - "
    HAGAMI: "That did not happen."
    MANA: "I got you the mint sprig and everything, and we snuck out and made sure to grind it on the full moon, but you said that - "
    HAGAMI: "Please remove that from your mind."
    She's once again refusing to make eye contact over the edge of the book. I bet she's blushing back there.
    TAKERU: "So... do I just hold this thing? It's starting to smoke."
    MANA: "Well you have to swing it back and forth."
    TAKERU: "Like this? That's just sort of... spreading the smoke."
    MANA: "Yep! That's the point. It's perfect!"
    TAKERU: "Maybe we should go outside or something. Wouldn't want to suffocate in here."
    Already it looks to me like Hagami's trying to suppress a coughing fit behind that tome of hers. Or maybe it's a laughing fit.
    MANA: "Alright!"
    She heads out the door, but Hagami remains lost in her reading.
    TAKERU: "Hagami, you're not coming?"
    She looks up, but makes no sign of moving.
    HAGAMI: "Got to guard the circle."
    MANA: "Oh! Good thinking Hagami. You take care of the warding here and Takeru and I will go on ahead."
    MANA: "Initiate Takeru! Let's go!"
    TAKERU: "Go where? Hey, stop pulling me."
    I take one look back at Hagami, hidden behind her book. She doesn't look up at me.
    ...just flashes a thumbs up.
    TAKERU: "You traitor..."
    
    I follow behind Mana in silence.
    At least she has the sense to bring the flashlight. I realize she's retracing a path a took yesterday, and we're soon on the roof.
    It's quite different by night. By now the sun is truly down, but dark hasn't fully settled. The moon shines white against the gray sky.
    The streetlamps on the road up the hillside throw shadows, but don't quite illuminate the school grounds. Down on the ground floor, a single window has a light on.
    Mana stands by my side. She's quiet for a solid ten seconds. Is that a record?
    I try to think of something to say, open my mouth, and inhale a healthy dose of Hagami's special full moon incense.
    MANA: "Are you okay?"
    TAKERU: "Ah..."
    TAKERU: "Ow! Not when you point the flashlight in my face like that."
    MANA: "Oh! Sorry!"
    TAKERU: "I was going to say my lungs were damaged but now I'm more worried about my retinas... Dammit Mana..."
    It takes a few seconds for the stinging and coughing to subside.
    TAKERU: "I don't know what Hagami stuffed that censer with..."
    TAKERU: "At least it's cooler out here than in that library you guys are always at. This robe is pretty thick."
    MANA: "Yeah."
    TAKERU: "So what's next? How does one hunt for ghosts?"
    MANA: "I'm not really sure. Hagami's the expert. I was kind of hoping she'd be more into it... She's kind of why I set this whole thing up."
    TAKERU: "Seriously?"
    MANA: "Mhm."
    MANA: "It's a lot of fun! Like a camping trip. In the heat of that ghost-hunting spirit... You really get to know each other!"
    MANA: "And this used to be her favorite thing. Well, second-favorite, but we put together some great memories on trips like this. So I'd love if she got back to her old self!"
    TAKERU: "I hope she's not sitting this out because I'm here."
    MANA: "No, I think you're alright. It's not like Hagami hates everyone."
    TAKERU: "Could fool me..."
    MANA: "I mean in middle school she was a bit shy, and now at Mirako, I know she comes off as a bit..."
    MANA: "But she's got a great sense of humor! And I know one on one she can be really charming!"
    MANA: "It's just when there's a bunch of people, or the situation turns bad, she - "
    MANA: "She'd kill me for saying any of this."
    TAKERU: "Maybe."
    MANA: "Or not. Hagami's so hard to read. And I'm supposed to be her best friend! And she's going to guard the wards while we're out hunting?"
    TAKERU: "What?"
    MANA: "I was hoping she hadn't forgotten how fun this could be."
    MANA: "You have to admit it's romantic!"
        TAKERU: "Romantic?"
    MANA: "Stillness. Murky perfume. Darkness... And then. Your eyes meet. And for the first time... You truly see each other..."
    She's gazing off into space.
    This is awkward. I have no idea if this "eyes meeting" business is talking about herself and me, me and Hagami, or herself and some supernatural sweetheart that we're hunting for.
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    MANA: "Never mind, never mind."
    MANA: "Don't get me wrong, I still want to find some ghosts! We'll just have to improvise instead."
    TAKERU: "After you."
    Mana pushes open the door to the stairs and we walk downwards to the old wing. I do my best not to trip over the chain of the rabbit censer.
    We finally come to that familiar corridor. I think at this point I could count the doors to Hikari's tea room even by the feeble candlelight.
    MANA: "Slow down."
    She starts to pause a second or two before each step, right after left. Am I supposed to keep time like a marching band or something? I almost trip over the hem of the robe dragging behind her.
    MANA: "Follow my lead."
    MANA: "...Kind of tough to see."
    She holds the candle over head. I raise my hand with the censer chain to match before realized that this accomplishes nothing except to make me look even dumber.
    Mana's candle flickers. The only noise is the rattle of the rabbit censer as it swings back and forth. I take another step behind Mana.
    MANA: "This is the part where Hagami's book would come in handy. Those Rosicrucians had some good ghost chants. Too bad that couldn't save their civilization though, huh?"
    TAKERU: "Mana I've got to be honest, half the time you sound sincere but when you start talking like that it's really hard for me to take anything you say - "
    MANA: "Shh!"
    We're at the stairwell on the opposite end of the hall, in front of a door I've never really noticed before.
    Mostly because it's always been closed. And it looks like it hasn't been opened in a decade.
    TAKERU: "Isn't that locked?"
    In response, Mana shushes me... but also holds up a key.
    TAKERU: "Where do you keep getting these keys..."
    TAKERU: "And since when does Mirako have a basement..."
    MANA: "Sub-basement."
    
    
    