label day04:

    My sixth sense tells me it's time to wake up.
    Not because of any particular time on the clock. Not because of any sort of sleep rhythm.
    I feel that if I lie here any longer, eyes closed, that I will be in mortal danger.
    Struggling to open my eyes, I see that danger: a shadow leaning over me.
    TAKERU: "Christ, Kenta, you don't need to lurk around like that."
    KENTA: "I was about to poke you to get you awake."
    TAKERU: "Then I was just in time."
    TAKERU: "...Although I probably need an alarm clock."
    I notice outside that the sun is up at least, that's a start.
    
    After an hour of navigating Kenta's elaborate sorting systems and doing nothing in the common room, followed by another arduous half hour of doing nothing outside of class, normal students start arriving at Mirako.
    There's no sign of Natsumi, but I guess she's always here late anyway. Instead, Meiko shows up.
    I knew this was coming, really, and this will just have to be something I deal with on a regular basis now... But Meiko arrives, and sits down next to me.
    If there was any hope I could blend in and just be another person here...
    MEIKO: "Good morning, Takeru. It's good to see you."
    TAKERU: "Yeah. Good morning."
    MEIKO: "You've been here a while?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah Kenta rises at dawn. I don't have much choice."
    She laughs.
    MEIKO: "I thought I saw you earlier from the library."
    TAKERU: "You go to the library this early?"
    MEIKO: "Haha, not always. There's a study group tonight so I need to brush up. I wouldn't want to unable to answer anyone's questions."
    TAKERU: "Oh."
    MEIKO: "You've been here, let's see, how many days now? Three?"
    TAKERU: "About, yeah."
    MEIKO: "Hopefully you'll get into the swing of things soon."
    Is it that obvious I'm uncomfortable? I try to laugh along with her but she has some air of assuredness I just can't imitate.
    It's not long before other of my classmates start dropping by to talk to her - some to ask for help with English, one with forms for the festival committee, another girl speaking only in whispers before leaving.
    I catch Hagami entering, wearing headphones. It's strange, I never seem to notice her around. She's just... always tuned out.
    There's one person that I can't place though. Mostly because it seems so out of character that it can't be that...
    TAKERU: "Hikari? You're in my class?"
    She's seated a place or two behind me.
    I receive only a scowl in return, and before I can press the issue, there's someone in the way.
    Natsumi.
    NATSUMI: "Hey! 'Morning, Takeru. Hey Meiko."
    NATSUMI: "It just wasn't morning without you. We were lost without our dear leader in homeroom."
    MEIKO: "Oh please."
    NATSUMI: "Kunida just doesn't have the charm."
    MEIKO: "I guess I'd better say my bit while he's still getting set up then."
    I could almost still be dreaming. My old acquaintance Meiko walks to the front of the room and in only a few seconds she has the attention of the room.
    MEIKO: "Welcome, all. Hope you're having a good morning and I missed you all while I was traveling."
    MEIKO: "With the festival coming up, there's only a few more days to get your applications in if you want to contribute as a club, and budget requests close a week after..."
    It really doesn't matter what she's saying, but that it's her saying it.
    Did Meiko ever take the iniative and talk to anyone? I can't remember her talking to multiple people at once without clamming up or running off.
    She wasn't...
    It seems odd to remember all of this about someone that was barely anything to me before my year at Tohoku and my year at the feeder school before that when I left that it seems strange I even knew her name or face.
    At risk of drifting off somewhere before class has even fully begun I should stop paying attention to things like this or probing what I remember.
    I don't remember much, actually.
    Meiko is taking her seat again.
    NATSUMI: "I can't belive it's coming up that fast."
    MEIKO: "It's always nice to have the festival in the summer. It's a good beacon for the beginning of the year."
    MEIKO: "You're looking forward to it, Takeru?"
    TAKERU: "To what?"
    NATSUMI: "The festival, you dumbbell. It's only what everyone's been talking about for the past two weeks."
    TAKERU: "I've been here two days, fill me in."
    NATSUMI: "Okay, so you know a summer festival right? And those school culture days everyone's got? Oh and also how small towns always seem to have these little - "
    TAKERU: "What?"
    NATSUMI: "Yeah, well take the best of those and you've got the Mirako School Exposition and Festival."
    MEIKO: "It's an open-house sort of event. We have food, performances, basically show what Mirako is, who we are, and we that care about the community."
    NATSUMI: "Yeah and there are always fireworks at the end, that's the best part."
    MEIKO: "The fireworks are off this year."
    NATSUMI: "Aw wait what? Really?"
    MEIKO: "Staff orders."
    NATSUMI: "That's a ripoff. How's Takeru going to see what the real Mirako festival looks like?"
    TAKERU: "So it's not real if there aren't fireworks? I don't get it."
    NATSUMI: "Ahhh, well that's the story of the fireworks. You've heard of that, haven't you? Mirako school legend."
    TAKERU: "I think it's pretty obvious I haven't."
    NATSUMI: "Under the stars, watching the night, the romance of the early summer, as the cherry blossoms fade..."
    NATSUMI: "Under that first burst in the air, you're sure to find true love."
    I squint at Natsumi.
    She responds by winking at me.
    MEIKO: "That's, uhm. Not quite what the festival is about."
    NATSUMI: "Sure it is, ask anyone."
    TAKERU: "Too bad they're canceled this year then if - "
    NATSUMI: "Shh! Kunida's started already."
    TAKERU: "He started like two minutes ago while you were going on about romantic summers under - "
    NATSUMI: "Shhhhhhh!"
    MEIKO: "Quiet down both of you."
    
    I hang around for a few minutes before lunch.
    Natsumi's obnoxious teammates show up, more students come to conference with Meiko before she slips out, Hagami leaves without a word to anyone with her headphones on (did she ever take them off?)
    But there's no sign of Hikari. It's like she up and left in the middle of the class. Did I really zone out that much?
    That doesn't matter, really. I have something to do with my break again today anyway.
    With the vandalized map now where it belongs in the trach can in my dorm, I rely on memory to find first the old wing, then the stairs to the odd little room Mana was turning into her own headquarters.
    Headquarters? Library? Clubroom? Something cross?
    TAKERU: "Yeah I shouldn't get involved."
    The door is shut. When I knock, there's no answer.
    All I really need to is to get that chess set back for Hikari, and then I can be on my way.
    Would it really be so bad if I just went in and took it?
    I mean, this room is public space, right? And nothing in there really belongs to the supernatural club, it's just junk that Hagami and probably mostly Mana hauled in from the basement.
    The door opens inwards with just the faintest creak. I don't know where the lights are but the place is well-lit by the sunlight through the out-of-place picture window.
    The chess set is easy to find as it's more of a chess box, and it sticks out on its shelve of clutter. The puzzle book is less obvious. Maybe I'll just have to ask Hagami for it before class some time.
    I'm almost at the door when I hear it.
    A voice?
    In that one moment hesitation to identify the speaker, I'd already made my fatal mistake.
    The library door swings open, and with my arms full of chess set, I can't defend myself and I fall.
    I fall in what seems like slow motion, towards the table, the last thing I see a stunned Mana standing over me.
    
    If I'd died right then it would've been a pretty fitting capstone on my life.
    Short, nonsensical, probably funny to someone but definitely not to me.
    If I'd died right then I'd also be spared the splitting headache that comes with waking up.
    When I win the struggle to open my eyes, I'm lying under the library window.
    Bu... there's someone's face above mine. Hagami?
    She startles, enough to make me jump as well. Or jump as much as I can because I can't seem to get off the floor, like I'm covered in a net.
    TAKERU: "What..."
    It's not a net, per se, just the world's heaviest and ugliest quilt.
    As I struggle to throw the repulsive object off me and stand up, Hagami backs up and into a chair.
    TAKERU: "Ow..."
    TAKERU: "Where's Mana?"
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "I asked if you knew where Mana went. She floored me again and then ran off?"
    HAGAMI: "...An accident. 
    HAGAMI: "Was it..."
    HAGAMI: "She said it was accidental. Is that wrong?"
    TAKERU: "I don't really care, she just has a talent for concussing me is all."
    I sit opposite Hagami, head throbbing to much to stand.
    HAGAMI: "You're alright?"
    TAKERU: "For the time being. At what point were you going to get the nurse?"
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "And Mana went... where?"
    HAGAMI: "I think... to get help?"
    TAKERU: "How long ago was that?"
    Hagami shrugs.
    TAKERU: "Great, so it was a hit and run, perfect. She aims to kill and then leaves you to watch over me to make sure the mortal blow was clean."
    HAGAMI: "It... I wanted to make sure you were alright."
    HAGAMI: "Just wasn't sure how to help."
    The whole time, she won't look at me. Or rather, she won't look up from another hardcover, an ancient-looking book that if she wanted to, she could effectively hide behind.
    It's now that she draws fully behind it.
    HAGAMI: "I'm sorry."
    TAKERU: "I'm not really that angry, my head just hurts. A hand would be nice though."
    I'm looking at all the chess pieces scattered on the floor. The little green and orange miniatures that had once been packed and ordered inside the box seem to have made their way to every corner of the library.
    HAGAMI: "Oh."
    HAGAMI: "Is that..."
    We start fishing up the pieces around the table.
    It takes a few minutes to scrounge up some of the pawns that rolled under the shelf, but we eventually have a full set.
    Well, almost a full set. I recheck all the corners of the library, but there's finding one of the knights.
    TAKERU: "There's no finding it. Guess we'll have to call it a loss."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "I'm taking this back, by the way."
    TAKERU: "Mana got the chess set for you, but, it already has an owner. Sorry if you were interested."
    HAGAMI: "I really wasn't."
    HAGAMI: "That's just... a hypothetical."
    HAGAMI: "Something I told her would be more appealing than a supernatural club but she..."
    HAGAMI: "Mana can sometimes take things very literally or jump on the littlest things."
    HAGAMI: "She really just wanted to start a club, that I'd show up to, and it didn't matter what the club actually did."
    HAGAMI: "I suggested chess, a literature club, a..."
    HAGAMI: "Now there's... supernatural club."
    It's fast but I swear Hagami rolls her eyes.
    HAGAMI: "Ah. I'm really sorry."
    TAKERU: "What are you apologizing for?"
    Hagami doesn't respond though... just vanishes behind her book.
    I'm left sitting here, staring at the cover. It's titled 'Post-Hume Metaphysics: A Brief Summary.'
    TAKERU: "That hardly looks brief."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    So much for humor. Then again she seems about as humorless as Kenta. Surprising they don't get along.
    It's not a bad room to eat in, really. This time of day, the sun through the picture window is enough to see (and read) by without turning on the lights.
    That said... I'm here with one of the world's worst conversationalists, and I'm pretty much obligated to wait for Mana if she really went to get help.
    I'm beginning to think she never really intended to come back at all. Or else got distracted on the way tot he nurse or something. That's probably more likely.
    Something keeps buzzing in my ear.
    Or it's more static than a buzz. Is that old radio on? I fight with a knob, trying to get it to turn off, but it's a mystery to me how this thing works. It's as much of an antique as the rest of this room.
    In response to my fiddling, a hand shoots out from behind Post-Hume Metaphysics and turns a dial on the side. The volume turns up. It's... a symphony?
    Listening to scratchy old music isn't helping the time pass any faster.
    Out of boredom I flip through the magazines and looseleaf littering the table.
    There's a whole volume of that weird manga Mana was reading strewn around. Most of the covers are illustrated with flower-looking boys and the thing is titled "My Rose-colored Life (even though I'm already dead!!)"
    While I'm pretty sure I know what this is about, I open one at random. Yep, this page is some sort of girls' manga first kiss scene, except the couple involved have ghost tails instead of legs.
    After a second I realize... I'm being watched.
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "Hey I just opened it because it was here, I don't read this stuff."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "You have any suggestions instead?"
    I thought my tone made it clear I was joking, but Hagami sets down her tome (with accompanying dust cloud) and marches to the bookshelves.
    There's no way there's anything I'd be interested in reading exists on those shelves. In fact I can't think of anything I'd want to read for pleasure anyway, let alone that mess of abandoned textbooks and whatever Mana managed to steal from unsuspecting students.
    WHUMP.
    HAGAMI: "There."
    I almost jump out of my chair when Hagami puts down this... brick in front of me.
    At first I think it's a dictionary, but it's... "Post-Hume Metaphysics: A Briefer Summary."
    TAKERU: "I, er..."
    HAGAMI: "...Read it."
    This has to be a joke, right? But the way Hagami is staring at me...
    She can't be serious.
    I open the front cover but can't help but cringe. I'd be lying if I said I knew half of these words. And this is the table of contents.
    TAKERU: "Er, when I said I wanted suggestions, I sort of meant..."
    TAKERU: "Are you laughing at me?"
    HAGAMI: "!"
    She hides behind the Brief Summary again but I saw her snickering.
    So she does have a sense of humor... just one where I'm the butt of the joke.
    TAKERU: "Personally I don't find that very funny."
    HAGAMI: "Time for class."
    TAKERU: "What? Seriously? By my watch there's still at least then minutes until..."
    Hagami starts sweeping her part of the table into her bag. I notice she's blushing for whatever reason.
    But before she can open the door, Mana skids in.
    MANA: "Hagami! Where are you going? Look, I've got the club charter forms! And the club festival application forms! We're doing this!"
    MANA: "Oh hi Takeru!"
    MANA: "Wait oh Takeru I'm so sorry I went to get the nurse but then I ran into Yumi and she said the festival deadline was coming up and I went back to homeroom to grab my - "
    MANA: "I totally forgot!"
    TAKERU: "About knocking me out cold?"
    MANA: "Yeah! I forgot about that."
    TAKERU: "Wish I could forget about this headache..."
    MANA: "But Hagami took good care of you right. Hagami where are you going?"
    Guess she won't manage to sneak out after trying to trick me into reading that metaphysics thing.
    HAGAMI: "Oh. Yeah."
    MANA: "But yeah we're an official club now! Once we get another member, I mean. We need four."
    MANA: "You, me, and Takeru aren't quite enough."
    TAKERU: "Hang on, when did I get roped into this?"
    Mana and Hagami look at each other.
    HAGAMI: "It really is time for class though."
    MANA: "No way! I haven't even eaten!"
    She takes off the opposite direction. I stare down the hall as she takes a corner too fast and almost trips.
    HAGAMI: "...Figured."
    Hagami shakes her head and starts walking.
    But of course, I'm headed the same direction. We're in the same class after all. Though the whole time, she doesn't say a word. And without any book to hide in, she just stares straight ahead, as if I wasn't walking there two steps behind her.
    She fumbles with her bookbag for a moment, and reemerges wearing those headphones.
    I guess now it's less awkward for her to pretend that I don't exist.
    
    At least there's some normalcy when we get back to the classroom. Kenta and Natsumi are bickering outside, with Kenta only stopping from his argument to glare dagger at Hagami as she slips into the room. I'm less successful.
    NATSUMI: "Takeru! Yeah hey, Takeru!"
    TAKERU: "Huh?"
    NATSUMI: "Kenta's not studying for Kunida's test! Can you believe it?"
    KENTA: "I'm not in his class. It makes no sense."
    NATSUMI: "Because I'm studying for it! You've gotta help me."
    KENTA: "I can't help you if I'm not in the class. That's just how it works. This shouldn't be so hard to understand."
    NATSUMI: "Fiiine, Takeru will help me then."
    TAKERU: "It's not like I know more than you."
    NATSUMI: "Great fit then. See you at the study session this evening? The one Meiko's putting together?"
    TAKERU: "I'll probably fail either way but I guess it's worth a shot."
    NATSUMI: "Perfect. Takeru, stick around after classes are done. Kenta, you've been replaced!"
    KENTA: "That's not what 'replaced' means. You can't replace me if I was never - "
    I ignore them and take my seat.
    Meiko doesn't seem to be back yet, but in the back of the room, I spot Hagami, staring out the window, headphones on. Tuned out.
    And someone staring at me, too, from the back row. Hikari?
    NATSUMI: "Man, what class is this, English?"
    TAKERU: "What?"
    NATSUMI: "The class we have. Now. After lunch."
    NATSUMI: "You're even more zoned out than I am today."
    TAKERU: "Sorry. It's been a painful morning."
    NATSUMI: "Oh yeah, hm, nice lump you've got on your forehead there. Did you get in a fight?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah, with a door."
    Meiko arrives a minute later.
    MEIKO: "Hello."
    NATSUMI: "You're almost late. Weird."
    MEIKO: "It's been a rough day trying to catch up with all the festival work that's gone on while I was traveling."
    MEIKO: "I can't just take a few days off without consequence."
    NATSUMI: "I guess. But you're still holding the study thing right? Guess I got coming?"
    MEIKO: "Takeru?"
    NATSUMI: "I got - "
    NATSUMI: "Was it that obvious?"
    TAKERU: "It's pretty obvious I need the help..."
    MEIKO: "Honestly I wouldn't worry too much. Just focus on getting comfortable at Mirako. I'm sure Mr. Kunida will understand."
    TAKERU: "I guess..."
    It's funny.
    She and Kunida keep saying that, about getting comfortable and fitting in here, but every day I feel more and more like this is a foreign country.
    
    With the end of afternoon classses, the room empties fast.
    Before long, Natsumi and her crew of ball players are the only people left.
    Technically I think I'm supposed to hang around for Natsumi to find out where I'm supposed to go for this study group, but I'd rather wait outside than with this set of students.
    They remind me too much of old me.
    Outside, I'm surprised to see someone waiting across the hall, arms crossed.
    HIKARI: "Hey."
    TAKERU: "Oh, hi Hikari."
    She smiles when she hears her name.
    TAKERU: "Are you actually in my class? You seem to be there half the time and the other half... not."
    HIKARI: "In a a way. It interests me to keep tabs from time to time so I drop in. Or drop out."
    TAKERU: "They let you get away with that?"
    HIKARI: "It's Mirako. Some students have... allowances, of sorts."
    TAKERU: "So you just come and go."
    HIKARI: "I told you, I'm just an observer."
    HIKARI: "That said... You didn't happen to find my chess set?"
    TAKERU: "I think so. I don't know how many green and orange ones you'd find around here."
    HIKARI: "It's not that weird. I made that myself, you know."
    TAKERU: "Made it?"
    HIKARI: "Carved it, painted it. Stained the board into the right pattern, too."
    TAKERU: "I thought you weren't good with your hands."
    Hikari doesn't respond.
    Someone else takes that moment of silence as an opening.
    NATSUMI: "Hey Takeru! You ready to go?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah, just a minute."
    NATSUMI: "Who's that you're talking to?"
    TAKERU: "You haven't met Hikari? She's in our class."
    NATSUMI: "Hikari, is it? I'm Natsumi, but of course you already know that. My name gets around a lot around here."
    Natsumi's laugh is met with icy silence from Hikari.
    HIKARI: "Don't mock me."
    NATSUMI: "Huh?"
    HIKARI: "You know who I am."
    NATSUMI: "Hang on, did we get another transfer while I wasn't looking?"
    HIKARI: "You're worthless."
    And with that, Hikari takes off down the hall.
    Natsumi and I are left staring after her.
    TAKERU: "What..."
    NATSUMI: "Eh, it's Mirako, you've got to let the weirder stuff slide. You're ready for Meiko's math-a-thon study thing?"
    TAKERU: "Hang on, you really don't know her?"
    NATSUMI: "No, sorry. She must be in another class."
    TAKERU: "If you say so..."
    It seems a little far-fetched to me.
    Maybe Hikari is just a forgettable person? And she said she only sometimes even bothers to show up to class.
    But something feels wrong.
    That discomfort hangs with me as we walk down to the library. Nastumi keeps talking about something or other, the team's next game, how great friends everyone is with each other...
    I manage to tune her out until we reach the library.
    TAKERU: "Wow... It's a lot bigger than I was expecting."
    NATSUMI: "You like it?"
    TAKERU: "I kind of figured it smaller and dustier for some reason..."
    Right, this is the real library, not Hagami and Mana's antique book store.
    NATSUMI: "Yeah it's new this year. Even with all the tiny rooms this school has there still wasn't one with enough space for everyone at Mirako to cram in for a study session."
    NASTUMI: "Soo now we have this one. Voile!"
    She holds open a glass door and I step in.
    It's a two-story space, with circular arrays of bookshelves and computers. All along the sides are glass-walled study rooms, with about a third of my class inside the one on the far right.
    MEIKO: "Ah! Takeru, you found your way here."
    NATSUMI: "You can thank me for that one. He was so zoned out I think he would've wandered into a wall if I hadn't pulled him by the ear."
    TAKERU: "Thanks. I guess."
    MEIKO: "I think that's everyone."
    TAKERU: "So how exactly does this work?"
    MEIKO: "We'll just try to go through the homework and practice problems. If everyone seems stuck in the same spot, we'll work it out together."
    NATSUMI: "And you're working with me, remember?"
    TAKERU: "Trust me, I remember."
    Although by the two hours that follow, Natsumi and I don't "work together" so much as "fail together."
    This material is pretty much beyond me, and Natsumi sure isn't any help.
    NATSUMI: "Hey Takeru, what'd you get for this one?"
    TAKERU: "I haven't even started that problem."
    NATSUMI: "Well neither have I. Why do you think I'm asking you?"
    NATSUMI: "No helping it, time to ask Meiko again."
    What's in this for Meiko I have no idea. She seems to bounce around from group to group and from time to time works through something on the whiteboard for all of us.
    It's basically a remedial math class. Didn't she say this morning she had woken up early just to master this stuff?
    I feel almost like we're taking advantage.
    NATSUMI: "Time to call it a night. Any more of this and I'll end up brain-damaged."
    TAKERU: "Judging by how much we got done I'd say it's probably too late."
    NATSUMI: "Hey speak for yourself. Thanks for your help Meiko!"
    MEIKO: "My pleasure."
    NATSUMI: "Catch you later, Takeru, it's Team Dinner Thursday."
    Sure enough, there's two or three guys outside the library that she joins.
    The one wearing a baseball cap waves at me for some reason.
    I wave back, but... something's nauseating about it like I'm dreaming again or...
    ...like he knows something me but why would random classmates know about Tohoku but then again he's on the baseball team so it's possible it's related but he couldn't have read Jun's letter because I shredded it right I can remember that much.
    MEIKO: "Are you alright?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah."
    TAKERU: "Just lost in thought a bit."
    MEIKO: "Hm."
    I realize the rest of the room has cleared out. Meiko looks about ready to go, but instead she takes a seat.
    MEIKO: "You know, you seem a lot different than I remember from when we were young. It's strange seeing you not constantly on the move."
    TAKERU: "Things have changed a bit."
    TAKERU: "But I guess it's the same for you, right? I used to be the one pulling you through the homework."
    MEIKO: "Really?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah. After..."
    MEIKO: "You can go ahead."
    TAKERU: "I mean, after you lost your parents, you were in pretty rough shape."
    TAKERU: "You were gone from class for the longest time. We didn't think you'd come back."
    MEIKO: "Hm."
    TAKERU: "But I guess, you're completely different than what I remember. I don't think I'd ever heard you speak up in class and now you're class rep?"
    MEIKO: "Haha, I do what I can at Mirako. I want to have a good future ahead of me."
    MEIKO: "I'm looking at law schools so I'll need the grades, for a start. And there's a lot of people here relying on me."
    MEIKO: "Mirako's a good place for that. You can depend on everyone."
    TAKERU: "Guess it's a change for the better, then."
    MEIKO: "Haha, except I've always been like this."
    TAKERU: "Maybe I'm misremembering..."
    MEIKO: "No, after Mom and Dad died there were some rough months, but I didn't waver."
    MEIKO: "Good exam scores, a top tier school, a law degree. Or maybe medicine. That part's still foggy."
    Meiko laughs.
    MEIKO: "I never got to thank you for sticking with me though. Having a friend like you really meant a lot back then."
    MEIKO: "...You look a bit out of it again. Are you okay?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah."
    I'm not.
    Meiko was always someone who was... just sort of around.
    Sure, she was one of the neighborhood kids, but she couldn't play baseball so I stopped caring about her as soon as I was on a team. Boy-girl childhood friendships rarely survive middleschool.
    And I guess that would've been it if she hadn't been orphaned in a traffic accident. I visited her at her aunt's a few times after that, but...
    That's the extend of my memory.
    Am I wrong?
    MEIKO: "It's a miracle you're back, really. What brings you to Mirako?"
    TAKERU: "Tohoku was..."
    TAKERU: "I didn't work out. I lost my scholarship so now I'm at Mirako."
    MEIKO: "Haha, that's a funny choice, to come to Mirako afterwards, all the way out here."
    TAKERU: "Kind of a funny choice if you're looking to get into a top college too, right?"
    We blink at each other for a few moments.
    I get the feeling that she's being dishonest. But maybe that's because I've just lied to her face myself. Did she do the same?
    Meiko is smiling, but there's a tiny fire behind her eyes.
    That I recognize. That's still Meiko after all this time. Even back then she didn't shrink from looking you in the eye, and you felt it.
    We both laugh at the same time.
    MEIKO: "Tell you what, let's get lunch tomorrow, in town. I know a good spot."
    MEIKO: "You can tell me about baseball. Or not. Or we'll just remember what we got up to in elementary school."
    MEIKO: "You're a lot different maybe but I still think of you as a good friend. I hope you feel the same."
    TAKERU: "Of course."
    Like I'd say anything else when she's that earnest about it.
    MEIKO: "I'm glad. I've got your back, right? So if Mirako gets to be too much for you, let me know."
    TAKERU: "Thanks, I appreciate it."
    MEIKO: "You live down in the Shizukawa dorms right?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah, are you headed back?"
    MEIKO: "I think so. It's been a long day."
    TAKERU: "I'd come with you but..."
    There's that rectangular lump that is the chess board still sticking out of my backpack.
    TAKERU: "I have one last errand to run."
    MEIKO: "No worries. See you tomorrow at lunch then?"
    TAKERU: "See you."
    She smiles and leaves.
    While I gather my things, I can't help think how much she is unlike any of the other students here.
    Everyone seems like how Hikari warned me the first day: maybe a bit neurotic like Hagami, or caught up in their own world like Mana or Kenta...
    But Meiko doesn't even seem like an average high school student. Her self-assurance makes it seem like she's already achieved her dreams.
    
    My mind wanders as I pass through the unused hallway into the maze of Mirako.
    There's a light still on from under the door of the old library. Is someone still there?
    Kunida's office still seems to be occupied too.
    Finally I reach the disused tearoom, but for once there's no sign of Hikari haunting the place so I just leave her chessboard on the table and leave...
    ...not before making a mental note to remind her just how much it cost me to get it back.
    TAKERU: "Man, is my head still all swollen up?"
    TAKERU: "Next time she can get her own junk back..."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    I stop talking to myself when I realize I'm not alone in the hallway. There's someone up ahead who just stopped dead in their tracks.
    TAKERU: "Hagami? Sorry, I didn't see you."
    HAGAMI: "It's alright."
    TAKERU: "I guess that was you upstairs..."
    TAKERU: "Why are you here this late?"
    HAGAMI: "Studying. Not much"
    HAGAMI: "Kunida's test."
    TAKERU: "Oh, you should've come to the study group. Meiko runs them. My partner was pretty questionable but the thing on the whole was pretty helpful."
    HAGAMI: "I wanted to, but..."
    Hagami remains for another few seconds, but we keep walking.
    We're headed the same direction. Guess everyone is headed home this time of day.
    HAGAMI: "I needed to ask you something?"
    TAKERU: "Oh yeah?"
    HAGAMI: "Or I guess..."
    HAGAMI: "First I'm sorry I made a fool of myself this afternoon, I don't know what I was thinking, that..."
    TAKERU: "Oh I don't mind. It was a joke, I get it. If I seemed annoyed it was because Mana had just concussed me."
    HAGAMI: "She..."
    HAGAMI: "Well, what I wanted to ask..."
    HAGAMI: "It's not important."
    I don't press her.
    But still, we walk together out of Mirako on the road to the dorm.
    Together enough anyway, her trailing a step or two behind, silent the whole time.
    The silence was uncomfortable this afternoon, but now, in the evening, against the backdrop of cicadas, it seems almost appropriate.
    When we come to the bridge, though, I notice Hagami is no longer behind me.
    She's looking at... it. That ruin down on the waterfront, just visible against the sky.
    TAKERU: "I've been wondering about that burned building. What is that place?"
    HAGAMI: "...Don't know. I've only been here a few weeks."
    HAGAMI: "It's not really a 'place' any more though."
    TAKERU: "What do you mean?"
    HAGAMI: "It's an object, not a place."
    HAGAMI: "You can't really... go there."
    HAGAMI: "It's a shell. Whatever purpose it served is..."
    Gone.
    She doesn't have to complete the sentence for me to know what she's talking about, even if I don't quite understand her meaning.
    The river is audible underneath us, even if the surface hardly seems to move.
    Hagami takes a deep breath.
    HAGAMI: "What I meant to ask... Mana is..."
    HAGAMI: "I owe her a lot so I'm trying to look out for her, and she really wants to start a club here. That's..."
    HAGAMI: "It's sort of her dream of highschool, of being a club president and having friends that run around and..."
    HAGAMI: "I don't know. It all seems very exhausting to me, but, it means a lot to her."
    HAGAMI: "She's just starting out but it'd be a huge help to her if you'd agree to join."
    HAGAMI: "You don't even have to come after school. Just put your name on the paper so she can recruit."
    HAGAMI: "You have every reason to think I'm strange or offputting but... You could do Mana the favor?"
    TAKERU: "I could probably do it."
    HAGAMI: "...Just like that?"
    TAKERU: "I mean just putting my name down doesn't cost me anything. You're not asking me to tell fortunes at the festival or anything, I just have to show up on a list."
    HAGAMI: "No fortunetelling, for sure, I'd die before I - "
    HAGAMI: "Yeah..."
    HAGAMI: "Well..."
    HAGAMI: "Thank you. Really!"
    She walks past me and down the road towards Shizukawa.
    I follow, but, it's clear she doesn't want to continue this conversation, and soon I lose sight of her among the low buildings and cafes that line the main road.
    What is there between her and Mana?
    Hagami seems even less enthusiastic about this whole "supernatural club" than I do...
    Is this a mistake?
    Reminder to Takeru: double-check any paperwork from Mana... If my concussion today has taught me anything, it's that this is dangerous ground.
    
    The hospital is far away in my dreams tonight.
    There's no letter, no Mirako, no psychiatric ward to worry about. No broken bones, missing teeth, shattered wrist...
    It's just practice at Tohoku.
    I think it's my last? Right before the end of the year.
    The locker rooms at Tohoku are top-notch of course. I think half the minor league teams would be envious of this place. Hell, my locker even has my name on it.
    Then again, half the other guys have unmarked doors. You probably have to be like me to get your name printed on everything.
    My guess is it's another half year before they start putting me on the advertising material. I wasn't a starter at the fall tournament this year, but after Hifumi gave up six runs, and with our seniors graduating, I know I'll have a spot next year.
    Hifumi himself, now, is consigned to one of the anonymous lockers.
    HIFUMI: "Oh, Takeru. Didn't see you. It's scrimmage day, are you pitching?"
    TAKERU: "Of course."
    HIFUMI: "I'll have to watch. Let's see the 80 MPH on the fastball, okay?"
    TAKERU: "I'm saving that for the actual games, okay? Don't want to blow out my arm on a practice game."
    HIFUMI: "Yes, yes, right. Well it's still an honor to see you pitch!"
    TAKERU: "Good to hear."
    One of the guys in my year butts in.
    KAZUMI: "Wait, Takeru, you're red team captain?"
    TAKERU: "That's what Jun's saying."
    KAZUMI: "Aww man. I'm blue captain! And I thought my first time being captain was something to celebrate..."
    HIFUMI: "Jun must be playing a joke on you. Sorry, Kaz."
    TAKERU: "Better luck next time."
    TAKERU: "Let's make a bet. If I strike you out, then - "
    KAZUMI: "Ha, stop right there. Do I even have one hit against you?"
    TAKERU: "Doubt it."
    KAZUMI: "Then take up your bets with Jun. He's the only one that's gonna get anything off you. I'm beat before I start!"
    HIFUMI: "You'll get there Kaz."
    KAZUMI: "Nope! Not biting!"
    KAZUMI: "Hey Jun! Takeru's got a bet for you!"
    The captain sidles over.
    Jun.
    I wouldn't bet against him, obviously.
    Not just because he's my senior by two years, or the captain, or that he's probably the only one on this team more heavily scouted than me.
    He just... doesn't like me. Hifumi, Kaz, the rest... They're all my friends.
    It must be envy that makes this guy my enemy.
    JUN: "Takeru. You're captaining red team today."
    TAKERU: "Oh I already knew that. I've got my picking order all set out."
    JUN: "Good."
    TAKERU: "You're not first, by the way. I'm taking Hiro. Got to have my catcher."
    JUN: "Of course, of course. I figured. But really that's not what I meant."
    JUN: "Hifumi, Kaz... give me a second here."
    I'm left facing the captain in this corner of the locker room.
    I can read it in his eyes that he means me harm on some instinctual level but it's probably a more calculated cold feeling from him that he's no longer the best the most popular on this team that he knows his position has been usurped and that I am the enemy.
    No.
    He. He is the enemy.
    JUN: "You've been a bit off lately Takeru."
    TAKERU: "I'm not sure what you mean."
    JUN: "The guys might laugh at you a bit, but I mean, it's all just between us all, you know? We're still a team, right?"
    JUN: "So I'm saying, don't hold it against them, if you can."
    JUN: "Not everyone might see it but I know you've got some talent."
    JUN: "So let's make the most of it, yeah?"
    TAKERU: "...."
    JUN: "Kaz is gonna pick me for blue team, you know. So I'll be first up, I hope."
    JUN: "Show me what you got, okay?"
    TAKERU: "Always."
    JUN: "Oh..."
    JUN: "This might sound weird but screw it. If there's anything on your mind it's my job as captain to make sure you can do your job."
    JUN: "So... Talk to me. I don't judge. We're a team here, and I think you've got a bit of me of you. So you're like my little brother, right?"
    JUN: "Just give the word. Got it?"
    TAKERU: "Thanks. Captain."
    JUN: "Any time. And I'm calling home run to right, first pitch. You got that? Give it your best out there, Red Captain!"
    After gesturing towards an imaginary right field... He heads out.
    Little brother?
    That patronizing attitude is essentially why I feel he's the enemy because he can't relinquish his grudges drive him to these petty actions like that little talk was belittling to the point that everyone must know what he thinks that -
    - traitor to the team.
    Traitor.
    I will show him.
    First pitch, home run, right field?
    We'll see how you like this, Jun.
    ...
    I take the mound.
    We'll see how you like this.
    
    jump day05
    