label day01:

    The brochure was accurate. Mirako really is way out in the country, at some town I've never heard of called Shizukawa. Probably named for the river that this road has been following for the past three hours. Not once in that time have I seen the water move.
    Even if the river doesn't change, the scenery does. The buildings become more spread out, then there are stretches of trees between the towns, and then this past hour, nothing but cedar forests and the odd farm.
    I hate it.
    TAKERU: "Ha-choo!"
    It's late April already and the pollen up here is miserable. It's a wonder I'm the only one of the two or three passengers on this bus sneezing my lungs out. Living out in the country like this is just asking for an epidemic of hay fever.
    Late April? I've missed at least two weeks of classes already. Getting up to speed will be a pain.
    I sneeze again. This whole thing is a pain.
    
    It's another hour before I arrive in town. Late afternoon.
    When the bus pulls away, I'm left standing on the side of the road, holding my duffle bag and a card with an address for the dorm being I'm supposed to be at.
    There's also a time on the card... An hour ago.
    TAKERU: "So I'm late. Just fantastic."
    This is going to be rough after a year in the city at Tohoku. And if this pollen keeps up I know I'm going to hate it here.
    I'll just have to get my bearings.
    It's hard to say from here, but Shizukawa at least doesn't look as small as I feared. I turn from the river, to a scattering of houses, to a cafe, to...
    Oh. "Mirako School Dormitories."
    I'm standing directly outside of it.
    Hopefully whoever I was supposed to meet here hasn't given up on me yet.
    I've only taken a few steps toward the entrance when I notice her.
    With the sun so low, even the shade from my baseball cap isn't enough to make out much more than her outline, but there actually someone else out here. Looks like a girl in a school uniform, watching the river.
    TAKERU: "Hey! Do you go to Mirako? I'm supposed to meet someone here."
    GIRL: "Hi, welcome. I was starting to get worried. You must be the transfer student? My name is - "
    GIRL: "..."
    She stops talking as soon as I take off my baseball cap. And just...
    Blinks at me?
    I blink back.
    She's tall, about my height, even. The serene smile on her face looks out of place now that she's stopped mid-sentence.
    TAKERU: "Yeah, I'm the transfer. Ichiro Takeru. Hi?"
    GIRL: "..."
    GIRL: "Welcome, Takeru, it's a pleasure to meet you. Here's a key to your room and as much as I'd love to show you around I've just remembered I'm very late for - "
    She doesn't even bother to finish her explanation before turning tail and vanishing down the road. I can't help but stare.
    TAKERU: "You have to be kidding me."
    TAKERU: "Some welcome this is."
    I only have half an idea of where I am, in this nowhere town, and my would-be guide takes one look at me and decides to flee.
    Plus I'm supposed to be at the school for some orientation in... half an hour ago.
    I am going to hate it here.
    The dorm is modern enough. There are a few stares as I push my duffel bag through the front door but I don't have time to deal with people right now -- I just want to ditch my things and get moving.
    The top two floors are the boys' floors, so of course I'm on the top, with no elevator. And in the farthest room on the hall, too. At least it's a corner room.
    I knock, but there's no one home. The place looks so sterile that at first I think I must be the only one here. But one of the beds has sheets and the other doesn't. No sign of the other guy apart from that, though. At least he's clean.
    But when I throw my bad onto the other bed, something slips out from the mattress frame.
    TAKERU: "A note...?"
    I unfold the page.
    TAKERU: "'Dear future victim of Room 401 - I am a weak man and write this as I transfer roommates, but here's hoping you're stronger than me. Good luck!!'"
    TAKERU: "'With my most heartfelt apologies, Shun, 2C.'"
    TAKERU: "What's that supposed to mean?"
    I crumple the note from the last occupant of the room and throw it in the wire trashcan. There's not enough time to deal with whatever these Mirako people do to amuse each other.
    Back outside, there's no sign of that runaway brownhaired girl, nor any other students. Chatter drifts over from the cafe.
    I was afraid I wouldn't be able to find the school, but Mirako is pretty hard to miss. Shizukawa sits on one bank of the river, and there, about a mile down, is a bridge and a large building overlooking the opposite bank.
    Next to the dorm is a sign for the bus, but...
    TAKERU: "Probably runs like twice a day out here. Time to walk."
    
    By the time I'm outside the entrance to the school I must be an hour late for my meeting with... whoever was supposed to meet me here. This whole thing has gone downhill incredibly fast.
    The whole place seems too quiet for a school, but it's a late Sunday afternoon so maybe it's not too surprising. If this were Tohoku, the paths would be bustling with people here for game day, but -
    I snap out of it when I see a slim man waving to be from just within the front door. Why'd it have to be this guy again?
    KUNIDA: "Hey, Takeru. You made it in one piece I see."
    TAKERU: "Yeah. Hi."
    TAKERU: "Sorry to keep you waiting."
    KUNIDA: "No worries, you're here is what counts. Why don't you come down to the office? We can get things settled."
    We pass through the double doors into the large glass-windowed atrium.
    Soon though, Mr. Kunida is guiding me through a maze. The front of this place looks modern enough, but if I had to guess the whole back of Mirako is a pre-war holdover. It's all Japanese-style too.
    It's eerie with the windows shut. Kunida heads up one flight of stairs, then down another. A library goes by, then an open door to a an even darker stretch of hall, then a line of classrooms.
    How many people even go to Mirako? They can't actually use all these rooms, can they?
    Kunida is silent the whole time too, only glancing back at each turn to check that I'm still there.
    Finally we reach a dead end and he slides open the door to a space smaller than a classroom, but still not much better than a closet.
    TAKERU: "You have your own office?"
    KUNIDA: "Well not officially. The official staff office is on the second floor, but, we have all this space that it'd be a shame to waste it. I work best alone, anyway."
    His room is clearly Japanese-style, but he's outfitted it a desk and a leather antique chair that makes him look like the boss of a mafia movie. I grab one of the less gaudy seats and sit facing him.
    KUNIDA: "You don't like it?"
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    Half of Kunida smiles as he looks at the furniture.
    KUNIDA: "It's a large building. There are a lot of unused corners around, so here's my first gift to you."
    TAKERU: "A map?"
    KUNIDA: "You'll be in 2A. I've circled your homeroom, and everywhere else you'll need to be tomorrow."
    KUNIDA: "You don't seem too bad at finding your way around though. I was kind of expecting the class rep to lead you up from the dorms."
    TAKERU: "Some brown-haired girl? She said she had somewhere to be and left as soon as I got my key."
    KUNIDA: "That's... not like her. Although I guess she's traveling tomorrow, so maybe..."
    He shakes his head.
    KUNIDA: "Never mind."
    KUNIDA: "Anyway, good to see you again. Feels like it's been more than a few weeks."
    He talks on for a while, asking what I think of the dorms (was there for five minutes), what I think of the principal (met him for five minutes back at the clinic), what I think of the town (been here less than a day, but enough to not like it even if I don't tell him that).
    Now he's talking classes.
    Classes.
    Not really something I gave much thought to at Tohoku but I guess now that I'm a nobody here I'll have to study, too. It's depressing to think about and I don't really offer Kunida more than one-word responses while he's trying to figure out where to place me.
    By the end of it, the light from the window is a sunset red and it's more the lamp on Kunida's desk brightening up his room of mismatched styles. In addition to my map, I'm now armed with several Mirako brochures and forms, class printouts, and a used textbook.
    KUNIDA: "Sorry that took so long."
    TAKERU: "...Yeah."
    KUNIDA: "You're okay getting back to the dorms? I can offer a ride if you really need it, but..."
    TAKERU: "I'll be fine."
    KUNIDA: "Thought so."
    He smiles to himself. Annoying.
    KUNIDA: "Well, you also have the school map until you get the hang of things. If you'll pardon me I've got some more work to get to tonight. Papers to grade."
    TAKERU: "You teach here?"
    KUNIDA: "Of course. Math, specifically."
    TAKERU: "I guess I figured you were a recruiter or a counselor or something."
    KUNIDA: "Like I said, everyone wears a few hats at Mirako. We do what we can."
    He waves, and I'm not going to stick around longer than I'm welcome.
    It's not that I dislike him, it's more... He seems dusty. A little off.
    
    Back in the corridor, I try to remember if I even came from the right or left.
    TAKERU: "And there was definitely a staircase we went down... or was it up?"
    I want to at least try this without the map with Kunida's little circle on it, but I end up just choosing a direction at random.
    There's no sign of that staircase. While I'm probably walking somewhere else completely, I guess it's not like there's anything else for me to do today.
    The hallway I'm now is particularly run-down. Or, not quite run-down, as there's nothing obviously out of place, there's just no sign of anyone using this place.
    Dust covers the wood floors. Bulletin boards hang empty. The lights are off.
    There's a few classrooms, sans furniture. A lab, with rows of high tables and nothing else. Some smaller rooms, one with a grand piano, another with a tatami mat.
    I'm about to give up and consult the map when I notice one odd room, only notable because its door is closed. Everything else in this wing is open.
    When I slide open the door, the interior is dim.
    TAKERU: "Anyone home?"
    I feel stupid immediately. Of course no one's here, I only said it because the corners of the room are still pretty much invisible in the dark.
    Shouldn't there be a window in here? I spot red light leaking out from under some curtains in the back and start to cross the room when -
    THUNK.
    The sound of my shinbone slamming into a low table. I fall over into the wall, tearing the curtains off the window as I barely evade a second collision with the floor.
    TAKERU: "Dammit, who put that table there, and with the window closed, practically a trap, I swear - "
    ???: "Hello to you too."
    TAKERU: "What the - "
    If I wasn't already on the floor, I am now. In the light from the now curtainless window, I see the outline of a small figure seated at the table.
    As my vision adjusts and the dust settles, I start to see her more clearly. A white-haired girl, in the Mirako uniform. She's staring at me, one eyebrow up in exasperation. Waiting for me to respond?
    TAKERU: "Sorry, I didn't think anyone was in here."
    ???: "You could've at least have knocked."
    TAKERU: "I guess, I just didn't expect..."
    ???: "You found the one closed room in this hall and decided to burst your way in without even stopping to wonder why that door was closed. Bravo."
    TAKERU: "Er, I guess that does make sense..."
    ???: "You'd think after two weeks all you new students would've gotten the hang of things by now."
    TAKERU: "I'm a second year."
    ???: "That's even worse."
    TAKERU: "Well, I just transferred, so - "
    ???: "Oh?"
    She grins, but I don't think she's happy. More, she's in disbelief. I get the feeling I should probably just accept that my dignity's taken a hit and get out of here before I find out exactly what this mouthy girl was up to in here in the dark.
    ???: "You're allowed to sit down."
    ???: "I want to hear why exactly anyone would transfer here, to Mirako, in this day and age. It's very... curious."
    I'm tempted to leave, but on some level I want to satisfy my own curiosity.
    TAKERU: "It's a long story."
    ???: "That's alright."
    TAKERU: "It's not interesting. I used to play baseball at Tohoku."
    I catch myself. Any time baseball comes up, these sirens go off in my head. I make a mental note to just leave that off my little self-introduction from now on.
    TAKERU: "I used to go to Tohoku Highschool but it turns out they'd rather not have people like me on the team so I got shipped off here."
    ???: "I'm pretty good at knowing when people are lying. Not that it'd take an expert to figure out that's what you're doing right now.
    TAKERU: "What are you talking about? I even had a scholarship at Tohoku. I was pretty damn good."
    I feel like I'm being accused ot something. Time to change the subject.
    TAKERU: "I'm Ichiro Takeru. I didn't catch your name."
    ???: "Not important."
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    ???: "You didn't catch my name because it's not important."
    TAKERU: "I'm pretty sure you just didn't say it."
    ???: "It's not important."
    TAKERU: "Okay, that's it."
    TAKERU: "I'll see you later. I'm having a hell of a day here so I - "
    ???: "Just call me Hikari then if it means that much to you."
    For the first time she looks on the defensive. She keeps talking like I'm intruding, but now I feel like she's afraid that I'll actually leave. I sit back down.
    HIKARI: "Nice to meet you, then, Takeru. Maybe you'll enjoy yourself here."
    TAKERU: "Do you not? I mean... You do go here right?"
    HIKARI: "It's really funny to me that you ask that."
    TAKERU: "What do you mean?"
    HIKARI: "There was a point when I was like you and thought I'd enjoy myself here, yes."
    HIKARI: "But sooner or later you'll figure it doesn't really matter. You don't know what kind of place this is."
    TAKERU: "No. Should I? I've been in town for less than a day."
    TAKERU: "Is there some joke I'm missing? Because ever since I've shown up it seems like it's been crazytown."
    HIKARI: "You... kind of put your finger on it."
    TAKERU: "What do you mean?"
    She smirks. Back on offense again.
    HIKARI: "The reason I know you were lying about your old school..."
    HIKARI: "Even if what you said is true, that's not why you're here. No one comes here because they're talented."
    TAKERU: "..."
    HIKARI "You're lying by omission. You went to some other school, you got sent to a shrink, but you were good enough at something or other that someone took pity on you and you got sent here instead of a mental hospital or wherever."
    HIKARI: "If someone transfers in, that's their story. That's why half the teachers are in psychiatry, you know..."
    HIKARI: "Out here everyone wants to pretend this place is a refuge, but..."
    HIKARI: "No one is really paying attention. Whatever you were at your old school you might as well put it behind you because chances are, anyone you talk to here has they're own little narrative and their own little issues to work through."
    HIKARI: "Enough that yours don't matter."
    HIKARI: "If you transferred here thinking it was some kind of..."
    HIKARI: "I don't know. You'll forget all this tomorrow when you start classes."
    HIKARI: "Sorry to bore you."
    She doesn't look bored. She's scowling at me like I should be bored and that I'm defying her expectations is a personal insult.
    I really should leave.
    TAKERU: "Thanks for the... warning? Or whatever that was."
    TAKERU: "See you around."
    HIKARI: "It would surprise me if you did, but... later then."
    I really can't tell if she's trying to provoke me by trashing the school where we're both students, or trying to warn me about something, or just having a joke at the expense of a new student.
    She probably isn't joking though. She just seems sort of... sad.
    Whatever. It doesn't matter. I'm back in the hall, standing outside the old-fashioned room I just left.
    I pick a direction and it doesn't take me long to find the staircase up, then the staircase down, then the lobby, then the door out.
    Maybe it was desire to get away that put me on the right direction?
    There's something about that faint girl...
    TAKERU: "So there are a lot of people running around here with mental issues, then..."
    That'd sure explain why they'd invited me.
    I guess it sort of makes sense -- why my would-be guide ran away, why my roommate inspires bizarre notes, why this late on a Sunday I can trip over some girl camped out on campus...
    While I could dismiss most of what she said, now my guard is up.
    When Kunida says "Gifted" it's just a euphemism for people like me that are too defective to be out in society or on a baseball team or wherever.
    Right?
    
    That's what I'm thinking as I head down from Mirako towards the bridge back to Shizukawa. That this place is just a holding pen where they've decided to hole up all the psych cases and depressives and nutcases and baseball team rejects with loose grips on reality.
    Maybe it's the opposite. Maybe I'm the only broken one here and that's the reason that the girl at the dorms ran away because it's so obvious to everyone around here that I'm broken and they can act however they want and behave however and I'll have no choice but to take it because -
    Because I'm one of them and now that I'm here they recognize me as one of them but I swear I'm not I swear that -
    That...
    There are those thoughts again.
    I've come on some level to recognize that when my ideas start to pounce on each other and run together and feel like not my ideas at all but ideas that someone else put into my head...
    ...that I'm starting to lose touch with what's really there. And my thinking has become confused.
    I stop on the bridge over the river.
    TAKERU: "Get it together."
    It's dusk now.
    Out on the water I spot a black ruin against the sky. Looks like some building or boathouse out on the water burned down at some point.
    That half a structure is about half a mile down the river. The sun's set completely by now and it doesn't take long for me to lose track of the building in the dark.
    I try to spot it out there for at least ten minutes. Probably a lot longer than that now that I think about it.
    Like I noticed from the bus, the river is completely still. But I can still hear a gurgle and occassional splash as the water hits the bridgeposts.
    I don't think I've seen more than one or two cars come down this road in the entire time I've been standing here.
    Is this what it's like out in the country? Everything dies down after dark? Who am I kidding, there probably isn't anything going on when it's light out either.
    I've forgotten the reason I'm standing here looking at nothing out on the river and decide it's time to head back.
    
    Luckily the roads of Shizukawa are a little easier to navigate than the planless layout of the Mirako school. I could've made it back in ten minutes direct, but I take my time.
    I'm half expecting to be locked out of the dorm - (did Kunida mention a curfew?) - but the doors are open. Seems overly trusting if you ask me.
    There's only one person in the common room and she's wearing headphones.
    And she pretends not to notice me. Time to head up to my room.
    I open the door and I'm about to flip on the lights when I realize that the room is, in fact, now occupied.
    There's... something on the other bed. A lump, breathing up and down. Presumably my roommate.
    TAKERU: "Hello?"
    No answer. How early does this guy go to bed?
    And he must've known I was coming because I dropped all my stuff off on -
    My stuff.
    My bag is no longer on my bed. Not only that, it doesn't seem to be anywhere else around here either. Do I turn on the lights and wake this guy up? He has to be the one that moved it, right?
    Judging by how the rest of this day has gone, he probably figured someone had randomly left a duffel bag in his room by mistake and he pitched the whole thing out the window.
    Actually... Out of other places to search, I open the window.
    Well, he better not have thrown out all my stuff or it'd be in the river right now.
    I'm at a loss. Do I wake the lump or just deal with it?
    Some how I think there's going to be a lot of "deal with it" around here. I settle in for what's going to be a less-than-comfortable night's sleep and for whatever ugliness awaits me tomorrow.
    
    I never used to dream before they got me on the meds.
    Since then, this past month or so, it feels like every night I'm reliving something or other. Usually it's a blur of my one year at Tohoku.
    Even when I'm awake I don't remember too many of the details of that year. Maybe it's just that I don't want to. But the faces of my old teammates are usually what show up in my sleep.
    Tonight, though, it's a set of older teammates. The kids I used to play ball with at the corner park.
    I'm standing there now, watching the field.
    There's Kazumi, he used to pitch before he moved for school and I took over. He's throws a strike past Kei, center fielder. We used to joke he could run so fast he was basically the entire outfield on his own.
    I see myself, standing on first, yelling at Kei as he takes another strike. (He was useless at the plate, always.)
    There's another face I recognize. Meiko, she used to come down to the corner all the time. Did she watch every game? We used to be really close.
    Then I realize it's not Meiko watching the game, it's that girl I met today outside the dorm, the one who took off. Why do they share a face? Did I know her?
    I get distracted as Kei watches strike three go by him.
    It's mostly a blur past that, more people I should regcognize but don't.
    Should I know that girl outside the dorm? She obviously can't be Meiko, but somewhere in my tangled dream thought everything is confused and I feel a growing dread or at least an unease that I can't place something I should be familiar with like I've lost something I didn't know I -
    I miss not dreaming.
    They're never nightmares, so when I wake up, why do I never feel rested any more?
    
    jump day02
    