label day11:

    I wake with unpleasant memories of the previous night.
    Not memories exactly, more... sensations. I can't remember anything I saw, but there's some lingering ache all over. Not good.
    At least today I'm up on my own without any interference from Kenta. He might be off somewhere else, but in his place, a frog in a jar sits on the dresser.
    TAKERU: "He just keeps getting weirder..."
    Well, I guess it's a predictable weirdness. Better than half of the rest of Mirako's little mysteries.
    
    First mystery: What is up with that river?
    The rain from yesterday vanished in the night, leaving behind only clouds and a thin layer of dampness on the pavement of Shizukawa.
    But judging from the river itself, yesterday never happened. The thing hardly looks like's it's moving, let alone rose at all. Isn't that what rivers are supposed to do after a storm?
    The still water, that ruin just behind the trees... Suspicious. Mystery number one.
    
    Back to homeroom.
    MEIKO: "...And the student council is pleased to announce that we'll have double the space for student-run stands this year, and hopefully more room for food stalls and independent sellers from the Shizukawa area."
    MEIKO: "If you're interested, let me know and we can add your name to the permit list. The festival is coming up faster than you think, so plan ahead."
    Back to homeroom, and Meiko's daily announcements.
    TAKERU: "Coming up fast? I thought it was still weeks off..."
    TAKERU: "What kind of weird school has a cultural festival this early in the year anyway?"
    TAKERU: "I said, 'what kind of school...'"
    NATSUMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "Natsumi?"
    NATSUMI: "Hmph."
    TAKERU: "Oh, what now?"
    NATSUMI: "Hey Tsuji, isn't this an interesting speech from our class rep?"
    STUDENT: "What? Oh, captain Natsumi. A speech?"
    NATSUMI: "Yeah, Meiko made a breakthrough with the festival or something yesterday. I was trying to listen but I think a ghost spoke over me."
    STUDENT: "Uhm, right, captain."
    TAKERU: "Very funny, Natsumi."
    NATSUMI: "There it goes again!"
    NATSUMI: "Sounded like a ghost for sure! A ghost that refuses to say they're sorry for calling me a liar yesterday."
    TAKERU: "I didn't call you a liar. What're you even - "
    TAKERU: "Oh. Hikari? Are you talking about Hikari?"
    NATSUMI: "Huh?"
    TAKERU: "In the back. Her."
    NATSUMI: "That's an empty desk, genius."
    Sure enough, in the back row, there's an empty desk next to the tuned-out Hagami.
    TAKERU: "Yeah, she doesn't show up some days. That doesn't make her a new student every time she shows up."
    TAKERU: "If you want to keep pretending that you - "
    NATSUMI: "See, that's it! There you go again. I'm not pretending anything. You're the one pretending that I'm pretending not to see people that you're pretending exist but in your pretend little - "
    TAKERU: "Knock it off."
    Mystery number two: what is up with Natsumi and Hikari?
    Or, what is up with Meiko and Hikari? She starts getting all shifty-eyed too whenever I mention Hikari. Didn't Natsumi try to tell me to drop the whole 'Hikari thing' when it came to Meiko?"
    And Kunida won't be level with me either?
    NATSUMI: "Did you zone out there or what?"
    TAKERU: "I was just thinking."
    TAKERU: "Besides, weren't you supposed to be the one ignoring me?"
    NATSUMI: "What? Oh, yeah. Tsuji, did you hear something?"
    NATSUMI: "Tsuji? Hey! I'm talking to you. Don't ignore your captain."
    Which brings us to Mystery 2.5: why do I spend any of my time at all trying talk to Natsumi?
    MEIKO: "Hello Natsumi, Takeru. Good morning."
    NATSUMI: "Oh, it's Meiko! You finished talking."
    MEIKO: "...Yes? Weren't you paying attention?"
    TAKERU: "She was too busy trying to pay negative attention me to notice anything else going on."
    MEIKO: "Negative attention?"
    NATSUMI: "Takeru is the center of the universe so if someone's not listening to his weird opinions, smoke starts pouring out his ears."
    MEIKO: "What's this about?"
    NATSUMI: "Ahaha, nothing. I'm just joking around with my old pal. Or new pal, I guess."
    NATSUMI: "Isn't that right, new pal?"
    TAKERU: "Ow, you don't have to elbow me so hard."
    NATSUMI: "Sorry, you're just the sort of person I'm pretty sure doesn't get subtlety at all."
    TAKERU: "Actual subtle people wouldn't try to bruise my kidneys every time they wanted to prove a point."
    MEIKO: "Shh! Mr. Kunida is here."
    Right. I shut up.
    But Natsumi elbows again below the ribs for good measure. That idiot.
    She's grinning like a stooge but I still have no idea how to interpret this. Is she still trying to caution me against mentioning the whole Hikari thing to Meiko? Or is she just deranged?
    Or planning something else?
    Funny how it's the team captains that always give off that megalomaniac air but with Jun I'm not sure if he was ever like that or if my perspective was skewed seeing as how after the fact I can't be sure if - 
    If...
    I glance backwards: Hagami, staring at the window, then also, sitting there... Hikari staring at nothing.
    Then at Natsumi, still making some stupid face at me even as Kunida recaps some obscure math fact from the earlier test.
    TAKERU: "..."
    Am I just destined to be enemies with baseball captains, no matter what the school or setting?
    Why does everything have to be so complicated?
    
    When the lunch hour arrives, Natsumi again makes another pointed attempt to elbow me before heading off to the cafeteria with the baseball crowd. Not that I mind.
    Meiko has the usual group around her, students looking for answers about homework, the festival, life in general...
    I stand up to leave for the old library when I notice someone standing next to me.
    HIKARI: "I heard you this morning."
    TAKERU: "Hikari? You startled me."
    HIKARI: "That's because you never pay attention to what's going on around you. If you did, you might've noticed I was listening."
    TAKERU: "Listening to me what? What're you talking about?"
    HIKARI: "Why was that girl talking about me? The one with the baseball hat."
    TAKERU: "Natsumi?"
    TAKERU: "I mean, she ran into you yesterday, didn't she? I might've given her a hard time over it... She pretended not to know you and all..."
    HIKARI: "That's normal for me."
    HIKARI: "You have to learn that that's just the way things are here."
    I stare at the door as the last baseball player, that guy Tsuji, leaves the room.
    TAKERU: "You can't blame me for at least being concerned, right? Isn't that the least I be doing? As a friend?"
    Then when I look back beside me, she's gone.
    TAKERU: "Stop appearing and disappearing out of nowhere..."
    MEIKO: "Takeru?"
    TAKERU: "Uah!"
    MEIKO: "Sorry to startle you. You're alright?"
    TAKERU: "Fine, yeah. Have you seen..."
    I glance around the room but I can't find Hikari. The most I get is a pack of confused stares from Meiko's little group.
    ...I've got to get out of here.
    TAKERU: "Never mind. See you after lunch."
    MEIKO: "Yeah... See you later."
    It doesn't take a genius to see that look of concern on her face. I'd be an idiot not to see it. Of course she thinks I'm nuts. Standing there in class, talking to a gap in the air where Hikari used to -
    Used to be...?
    Maybe...
    There's a way that this whole thing makes sense, even if I don't want to admit it.
    I head for the old library. Need to stop my brain from spinning. If Hikari...
    Maybe I'm the one seeing things and everyone else is just...
    What am I talking about? Of course there's such a person as "Hikari." I'm not so far off the deep end that I can see that. I'm medicated for chrissakes. That's supposed to prevent this stuff.
    Time to get out of here.
    
    But up on the second floor, in the disused wing... The gray of the old library doesn't give me much consolation.
    For the third day in a row I'm the first one here, with only scattered manga and the antique radio for company.
    Maybe Mana's still out sick? Hagami should be here at least though?
    Whatever.
    It's at least better than being within eyesight of Natsumi and her little gang. I find a place to sit at the central table. Mystery 2.501: how does this pile of dreck keep growing even when Mana's not here?
    Clearing off the loose paper and books, I find a seat, and... wait.
    And... keep waiting?
    Looks like I'm eating alone today.
    There's a cloud over the picture window. After ten minutes the library is still gray, with no signs of life but me in the corner.
    ...Kind of pathetic. But I don't really mind.
    Without anything else to do, I flip open volume #13 of "My Rose-colored Life (even though I'm already dead!!)"
    The lead girl stands alone in the school courtyard, even as all her former friends wander around her.
    I want to laugh at the next panel, where she's yelling "why doesn't anybody see me!?" but...
    When you start relating to a shoujo manga protagonist... Things have gotten pretty dire.
    TAKERU: "Who even reads this stuff? Worthless."
    I stuff Rose-colored Life #13 under a pile of similar pulp and search for something less depressing.
    What did I read back in Tohoku? Sports fiction? Not really...
    I didn't read anything.
    Maybe that's why I feel lost -- there's a million different books in here and I'm such a burnout that nothing even appeals to me any more.
    Instead I just push 'play' on the radio.
    ...in response, nothing happens.
    TAKERU: "This stupid thing."
    What's the point of keeping this antique around if it doesn't even work?
    I eject the current tape and push it back in again. The instant that it's out, I catch a glimpse of the title, printed on the side of the tape.
    Something like... 1990: Inori Keiji/Naomi, Elgar concerto. Which wouldn't ring a bell for me at all, but that's Hagami's family name, right? Inori?
    The sound of the piano with strings and orchestra behind it starts from the speakers. Guess the radio isn't busted as I thought after all.
    What was it I was thinking yesterday? That Hagami wanted to perform some musical piece for the festival?
    Well, if the tape is marked 1990... That's fifteen years ago. It couldn't be her on this recording.
    Just another coincidence.
    I hate these coincidences. A year ago there was no such thing. After pushing all the buttons at random I finally stop the tape and the radio shuts up.
    It's been almost half an hour. Pretty clearly, no one else is coming, and I'm done with my lunch.
    Without anything else to do, I leave the dusty old library and head for the dusty old hallway below.
    
    TAKERU: "Hikari?"
    TAKERU: "Hey! Hikari?"
    I slide open one door after the other.
    Storage, a few haphazard desks, more storage, a room empty of everything but dust floating into the air as the door slams open...
    This wing. There's nothing down here? I could've sword the tea room was the first on the left, but I'm having trouble remembering where to find Hikari's usual hangout.
    Is this my punishment for wondering if she actually...
    Actually...
    TAKERU: "Don't think it, don't think it..."
    Actually...
    TAKERU: "Ahhh!! What're you - "
    TAKERU: "Who - ? What - ?"
    HAGAMI: "Eep!"
    That someone who just dove behind a row of crates... wasn't Hikari, was it? And they weren't some ghost either.
    TAKERU: "Sorry Hagami. I was looking for a friend of mine."
    HAGAMI: "No that's... fine.":
    She takes her place back on a stool in the corner of this small room. The wall on my left is dominated by a stack of storage crates, while the wall at the right...
    There's an upright piano set there, next to a stool.
    Hagami, clinging to it -- I'd say her heartrate's about triple the usual.
    TAKERU: "I didn't mean to scare you. I was looking for Hikari, I swear."
    HAGAMI: "Okay."
    TAKERU: "I'll leave you to whatever you... I guess you wanted privacy down here."
    HAGAMI: "Sorry."
    TAKERU: "No, I'm the one who should apologize. Mana is out today so you..."
    So you decided that instead of going through another day like yesterday, you'd hole up here in the basement.
    Right. She's...
    TAKERU: "...avoiding me. That's fine."
    TAKERU: "I don't imagine it's all that fun spending your lunch time with me alone."
    HAGAMI: "Please, I don't..."
    TAKERU: "It's fine, really."
    TAKERU: "Isn't it time we got back to class? Lunch is almost over, right?"
    HAGAMI: "Right..."
    HAGAMI: "Mana should be back tomorrow, so..."
    TAKERU: "Tell her 'get well' from me, okay?"
    HAGAMI: "Okay."
    I could keep trying to keep our conversation natural but it's clear I'd be the only one trying.
    I mean, I sort of get it. I'm not the most personable person ever. Even I wouldn't want to deal with myself one-on-one for too long.
    But I can't shake that pain somewhere below my gut, that everyone goes out of their way now to skip their time with me, rather than to come seek me out.
    Was it really that long ago that I shrugged off the freshmen that wanted to eat with me, always asking questions, what's Takeru's training regime, what do you do on the weekend, should I try your diet or -
    TAKERU: "Shake it off."
    Chemistry is next. Rid yourself of these useless thoughts, and let's get to work.
    
    Right. Chemistry.
    The lab's on the third floor, so up one flight of stairs, around two bends and through the main hall, and -
    And I have this class with Hagami. Who's walking next to me. Who I just managed to embarass by finding her hiding out in the old wing.
    If this is uncomfortable for me, it's nothing compared to Hagami, who's trying so hard not to look at me I could almost laugh.
    But I don't. We file into the lab late, after the still-pouting Natsumi, even. Guess I was right -- we were late at lunch after all.
    ...which means the only seat remaining is in the very back.
    ...which is next to the second-to-last seat remaining, also in the very, next to the second-to-last person to class.
    TAKERU: "So er... I guess we're working together today?"
    HAGAMI: "Ah."
    HAGAMI: "Yes. Lab partners."
    TAKERU: "Hey, look, I'm sorry I walked in on whatever it was you were doing down there. Let's just try and get through chem, and then it's only English and we can go home. Right?"
    No response.
    Hagami's fishing around in her bag, and finally... she comes up with those damn headphones.
    If she can hear me now, she's pretending not to.
    ...I must've really annoyed her earlier. But everyone else around us is bustling around trying to set up for the day's lab, and there's not really any time to dwell on it.
    
    But as the hour drags on, I really wish I'd addressed this problem sooner.
    Turns out, when you're a month behind everyone else on the curriculum, and your partner's intentionally made herself deaf, a chemistry lab is really tough.
    I'm still trying to figure out how to turn the burner on without injuring myself (unsuccessfully - I probably won't feel my left ring finger for days) while in the meantime, Hagami's already writing some sort of report?
    I look at the burner again.
    Then massage the fingerpads on my left hand.
    Yep, that settles it, time to sacrifice my pride.
    TAKERU: "Hey, Hagami?"
    TAKERU: "I know you can hear me. I'm embarassing myself already so don't make me peel those headphones off."
    HAGAMI: "Hm?"
    TAKERU: "I've been in this class all of three times and I don't have any idea what I'm doing, so if you want me to help at all, you're going to have to show me the ropes."
    TAKERU: "And what're you writing?"
    HAGAMI: "The lab report."
    TAKERU: "Isn't that supposed to come after actually doing the lab?"
    HAGAMI: "If I already know what's going to happen... then why bother heating with mixing, and heating, and that..."
    HAGAMI: "I'll just write the report and you can do the lab."
    TAKERU: "Wait, hang on, don't put those back on. You already know how this is going to turn out? I've been burning myself for the past half hour for nothing?"
    HAGAMI: "...It's simple. You really didn't know what... What would happen?"
    TAKERU: "No?"
    TAKERU: "Why does everyone here seem to be some sort of mini-genius..."
    HAGAMI: "Well... It is called a school for the gifted."
    TAKERU: "If we're talking about this kind of gifted, then they can save me some trouble and kick me out already."
    HAGAMI: "...And also we did this same thing at my last school."
    TAKERU: "Oh. That makes more sense then... Maybe I don't have to go take my name off the student register."
    HAGAMI: "No... Nothing like that."
    TAKERU: "How should I help, then?"
    HAGAMI: "Just... pretend to do the lab. So nothing seems suspicious."
    TAKERU: "Oh I can do that just fine. Faking is a good skill to have, especially if you're in a sport with an umpire."
    TAKERU: "I didn't expect you'd be on board with skipping an entire lab though... Isn't this supposed to last us the rest of the month?"
    HAGAMI: "It'll last everyone else a week or two... Yes."
    TAKERU: "You know, you can look pretty timid, but you can be really brazen when you want to be. This is some Nastumi levels of underhandedness."
    Hagami doesn't reply, but she does turn an appealing shade of red as she tries to hide a smile.
    I guess I should've known behind that face there's something mischevious... She's been trying to pull one over on me since day one.
    The rest of class I spend flicking the burner on and off, watching the flame shoot up and fall back. I wish I'd stopped trying to do this honestly earlier... It'd mean I could still feel all ten fingers rather than the nine I'm working with.
    Everyone else in class looks like they're having as much trouble as I was. Nastumi is arguing with one of the guys I recognize as a pitcher, while their solution smokes behind them. Smoke seems to be the norm, today. Except for at Meiko's station of course. Where she appears to already be done.
    I still feel kind of useless though... Even if our group has no real work to do, it's still up to Hagami to write the report.
    TAKERU: "Hey."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "I won't mention to Mana or anyone that you were down practicing in that old piano room. You don't have to worry about it."
    HAGAMI: "...Thanks."
    TAKERU: "I guess I just hadn't realized you were performing at the festival."
    HAGAMI: "Huh? Performing?"
    TAKERU: "Something on the piano I guess?"
    HAGAMI: "Oh, um... I thought you said you wouldn't look at my form."
    TAKERU: "Oh, I didn't, but it's pretty hard not to get some ideas if you're ducking behind pianos and handing me books on music theory."
    HAGAMI: "Oh... Hm."
    TAKERU: "And also yeah I may have caught a glimpse at the festival application."
    TAKERU: "But you can't be mad about that. If you're going to perform in front of everyone, you can't really keep that a secret, right?"
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "Or were you only going to say anything on the actual day of the festival? Perform behind a curtain or something?"
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "Hey, don't put on headphones if I'm sitting right here talking to - "
    TAKERU: "I guess I'm just talking to myself now."
    It takes a few more tries, but I finally get the hang of starting up the burner without risking my fingers.
    At this point there's no real need to do any work, but I more feel like an idiot that I couldn't get this basic piece of equipment working in the first place.
    Or more I feel like and idiot because I'm obviously getting on the nerves of the person bailing me out of this lab. Maybe I understand why Hagami would try to avoid me.
    
    By the time class is over, Hagami has filled almost a full four pages of her lab notebook. I've managed to sear the outline of a propane flame into my retinas. All in all, a productive hour.
    When everyone starts filing out the lab back to homeroom, I lose track of Hagami. Strange, Hikari doesn't seem to be here either.
    I'm resigned to walking in silence when there's someone at my side.
    MEIKO: "Hey Takeru. How you'd enjoy the lab?"
    TAKERU: "Oh, er, it was alright."
    MEIKO: "You didn't have any trouble with the setup at Mirako? We've had a few safety courses this year that I know missed, but it really didn't slow you down?"
    TAKERU: "No?"
    I rub my ring finger. No, no it didn't slow me down, but it should have.
    MEIKO: "That's great. You must be talented. Do you have an interest in applied sciences?"
    TAKERU: "Applied... science? I'm not sure what you mean."
    MEIKO: "As a career, I mean. Or are you thinking about physical sciences in general, maybe?"
    TAKERU: "I can't say I've really, er..."
    I would've preferred silence. While I know Meiko's trying to be welcoming or encouraging or something, whenever she talks like this, it just reinforces that feeling that I'm in way over my head.
    Half of the programs and careers and disciplines that she brings up, I can't even understand.
    Those are my thoughts as I sit through English. That I'm out of place and stuck here. And I don't deserve people like Meiko, who go out of their way for me.
    What did she ever see in me when we were kids?
    I'd normally be tempted to keep slipping off into my own self-absorbed little world, but a tempting target brings me back: the exposed rib of Natsumi.
    NATSUMI: "Ow! Hey!"
    TAKERU: "You were dozing off."
    NATSUMI: "So were you!"
    TAKERU: "I wasn't drooling on my desk."
    NATSUMI: "Neither was I!"
    MEIKO: "Shhh!"
    NATSUMI: "Sorry, sorry!"
    Mission accomplished. Natsumi doesn't drift off after that, but judging by her scowl that's only because she's planning her revenge.
    But I make it to the end of the day unscathed. No bruising to the kidneys, no vicious verbal assault, just a glare and a nod from Natsumi as she heads out the door.
    NATSUMI: "Bye Meiko, take it easy."
    MEIKO: "Enjoy your practice."
    NATSUMI: "I will."
    NATSUMI: "And Takeru..."
    NATSUMI: "You're good. But watch out. I'm better."
    NATSUMI: "See you!"
    TAKERU: "Bye?"
    MEIKO: "What's that about?"
    TAKERU: "She's mad that I care that she's going to flunk out of Mirako."
    MEIKO: "I'm... not sure that's quite it, but..."
    TAKERU: "Oh well."
    MEIKO: "Hey, I'd love to stay and maybe go over some of the next round of festival preperations with you today, but there's a council meeting that I need to sit for."
    TAKERU: "It's no problem."
    MEIKO: "You're welcome to come, I think, I mean, I don't think anyone would have a problem if I said you're with me, so if you'd like - "
    TAKERU: "That's fine. You do way more than you should for me already."
    And I definitely don't want to be sitting in as Meiko's charity case, on a student council meeting, or anywhere else for that matter.
    MEIKO: "Have a good evening then, Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Bye."
    Which leaves me to wander around the half-empty classroom and wonder how I managed to screw things up with at least two (and possibly up to four) different people today.
    Probably best to head home, or at least downstairs to the old wing.
    On the way out the door though, I manage to bump into someone.
    HAGAMI: "...!"
    TAKERU: "Ah, hey. Didn't see you."
    HAGAMI: "No, that's... I... that's..."
    TAKERU: "That's...?"
    HAGAMI: "Here."
    TAKERU: "Isn't that your lab notebook?"
    HAGAMI: "You need it for your report."
    TAKERU: "My what?"
    HAGAMI: "The report. You..."
    HAGAMI: "We each need a copy. I was the only one taking notes."
    HAGAMI: "So... here are my notes."
    TAKERU: "Oh. Thanks!"
    HAGAMI: "Yeah..."
    She leaves and I'm left staring down at her notebook.
    TAKERU: "Hagami?"
    She's already wandered off down the hall.
    I'll wander off as well. No point sticking around here all afternoon. The jostle of students all on their way back to the dorms, or to catch the bus, or to catch their friends at the gate...
    I'm heading the opposite direction, into the basement, and the old wing. Eventually the crowd thins out until there are only a dozen, five, then one person in front of me.
    ...That's one person I recognize, though. I've just followed Hagami this whole time. She's headed down here as well?
    I pause outside the door to the tearoom as I watch Hagami ahead of me take one step, then another, silently down the hall.
    What's she doing down here anyway? Heading back to the old library?
    HIKARI: "Hmm, quite the mystery, isn't it?"
    TAKERU: "Ah! Hikari! Stop creeping up behind me like that."
    HIKARI: "I could've crept up from any direction if you're going to doze off like that in the middle of the hall."
    HIKARI: "You're watching her?"
    TAKERU: "What? No, I was just..."
    TAKERU: "She gave me her notes and it's just weird to see Hagami down here this time of day, so..."
    HIKARI: "Mhm."
    TAKERU: "You're smirking. Stop acting like I've committed some crime."
    HIKARI: "That's fine. What were you saying about notes?"
    TAKERU: "Nothing. We wound up lab partners, so Hagami loaned me her notes, and we left class at the same time, but it's odd that she'd..."
    TAKERU: "I get the feeling I'm just digging myself a deeper grave, here."
    HIKARI: "What makes you say that?"
    TAKERU: "Stop trying to analyze me, it's annoying. Let's just play chess or something."
    HIKARI: "I never thought the day would come where you'd be asking me to play."
    TAKERU: "Hey, I'm just trying to get you off my case about... whatever this is about."
    TAKERU: "You know, Hikari, I'd almost mistake you for someone high class, if you didn't keep creeping around down here and hanging out in the dark and implying weird things about people."
    HIKARI: "Mm, interesting. How about some tea as well for our game as well?"
    TAKERU: "You weren't even listening, were you?"
    HIKARI: "Listening about what?"
    TAKERU: "I'll make tea. Fine."
    
    Per usual, Hikari doesn't touch the tea I've prepared, instead preferring to warm her hands over the cup as she calls out her moves to obliterate me in chess.
    HIKARI: "Knight. F6."
    TAKERU: "Right... Hang on..."
    HIKARI: "You've learned enough by now to force me to think once or twice. It shouldn't take you this long to work out which square on the board I'm referring to."
    TAKERU: "Sorry. There's been a lot going on."
    HIKARI: "Like what?"
    TAKERU: "It's just a saying."
    HIKARI: "I've never heard it before. Besides, I do want to know."
    TAKERU: "You're just looking for another reason to make fun of me."
    HIKARI: "I'm not looking to mock you. If I wanted to do that I would've questioned why you just walked your rook into the most obvious fork since the - "
    TAKERU: "I'm taking that move back."
    HIKARI: "Fine."
    TAKERU: "'Fine?' Really?"
    HIKARI: "Fine."
    She must be in a better mood than I thought.
    TAKERU: "Never thought I'd see the day..."
    HIKARI: "You obviously have something on your mind, so I thought I'd take it easy on you."
    TAKERU: "I don't know. It's really a bunch of things."
    HIKARI: "Then start from the top and work down to the details. That's how to tackle any problem."
    Can't she see I'm dodging her questions for a reason?
    No, she probably can, and is trying to pin me just as ruthlessly as on the gameboard.
    TAKERU: "Alright. It's just a little awkward because the biggest question I have is sort of..."
    TAKERU: "You."
    HIKARI: "Me? Me what?"
    HIKARI: "Queen, A2."
    TAKERU: "Like can you really not move your own pieces?"
    HIKARI: "No. You wouldn't want to watch me try."
    TAKERU: "And you won't make tea, or - "
    HIKARI: "Do you want me to show you the scars?"
    TAKERU: "No, that's not it, it's just that on top of the way everyone treats you."
    TAKERU: "Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one that can see you."
    HIKARI: "..."
    HIKARI: "You mean, you think I'm a figment of your imagination."
    TAKERU: "It wouldn't be the strangest thing that's happened to me. I mean, I just found out that the three dozen other guys I would've called my friends actually despised me."
    HIKARI: "Hum."
    She's silent for a solid ten seconds.
    I gulp.
    HIKARI: "Takeru if you move your king's side knight there, it's mate in two."
    TAKERU: "What? Oh. Then er, I'll take back that move as well if you'll let - "
    HIKARI: "This is really, extraordinarily funny to me. Just over the top. The majority of the school refuses to acknowledge that I exist, and the one person that will talk to me thinks I exist only in his mind."
    TAKERU: "No, I mean, I'm sure - "
    HIKARI: "If I called you a solipsist, would you know what I was talking about?"
    TAKERU: "No."
    HIKARI: "I didn't think so. Then..."
    HIKARI: "Here."
    Hikari holds out her hand, palm up, like I should grasp it. Again, I can't help but notice the lines that shouldn't be there, the curves in not quite the right - 
    I close my eyes and reach for her hand. This will settle it. Hikari is really there, and the crazy ones are Meiko and Natsumi and Kenta and the rest that won't look me in the eye when I say her name.
    That is... That's what would happen if I could feel her. There's nothing there.
    I open my eyes, but Hikari's hands are by her side. She withdrew while I had my eyes closed.
    HIKARI: "You really don't trust me."
    HIKARI: "I thought you were pulling my leg, but you really think I'm not sitting here, having this conversation with you."
    TAKERU: "You know that why I got sent here, right? Seeing things no one else could see. Or at least, knowing a version of events no one else remembered."
    TAKERU: "No matter how many times I try to add things up, I don't get it. Natsumi keeps introducing herself like it's the first time she's meeting you. Meiko turns into some other person when your name comes up. Kenta can't come up with your name at all, but guess that's typical for him..."
    TAKERU: "Even Mr Kunida acts like I've gone nuts when I try to ask him about any of this. So you can understand why I might think..."
    HIKARI: "Why you might think this is all just a repeat of your old school."
    TAKERU: "Exactly."
    TAKERU: "I keep putting two and two together and getting five. I'm missing something, somewhere."
    HIKARI: "Hum."
    HIKARI: "I was really trying to make you spill your guts about that Hagami stealing your heart or something... This a little less..."
    TAKERU: "Comfortable?"
    HIKARI: "Precisely. No one is really comfortable with the 'idea' of me. That's what you've noticed."
    HIKARI: "I can't really blame them, if I can't myself really come to..."
    HIKARI: "You're missing a piece. Give me a second and I'll figure out where to start filling you in.
    TAKERU: "Wasn't it, 'start from the top then get to the details?'"
    HIKARI: "I know I said that, but that's not how I work, that's how everyone else works. It's the small things that make up the big picture. Although I think I know where to start."
    
    I wake up an hour or two earlier, in homeroom.
    Hang on, that's not right. I drifted off and then Natsumi elbowed me and -
    Is this even the same room?
    I'm not sitting where I should be, and Natsumi is sitting in front of me, missing her trademark baseball cap. In fact, where I should be sitting, there's some other girl. Hikari? No, Hikari's hair is lighter and her eyes darker than this girl's, but she seems familiar all the same.
    She doesn't sit still at her desk though. She stands, paces, sits back down, stretches, checks her watch, opens a book, shuts it, checks her watch again... Nervous energy?
    There isn't some test I forgot about, is there? The rest of the room seems relaxed, talking in small groups. I spot Meiko, a few rows in front of me, with the usual couple of girls asking about homework or life or other advice.
    It must be the end of the day. But of which day, which year...
    That, I'm not so certain.
    Everything in my vision moves with an unfocused, sluggish haze. I can't make out any specific words and no one has any focus. Except that girl at my desk. She closes her book again to pull at her hair.
    I look away when Mr. Kunida speaks, even I can't hear him. When he's done talking, Meiko walks to the front of the class. She sounds underwater.
    MEIKO: "...so thanks for supporting me, and I'll be sure to support you as well. I know you all must be as stressed as I am starting at a new high school, for most of us far away from home."
    MEIKO: "Don't hesitate to come to me if you need advice or a an ear or a shoulder. I'll try to become the class rep that you can rely..."
    More talking. Meiko bows. Kunida says something or other, but I'm not really paying attention.
    It can't be the present.
    I must be dreaming again, like happens every night. Just tonight (today?) this memory is something that never happened, or, something that never happened to me, at least.
    It's possible that today's daily flashback belongs to that fidgety, pale girl in front of me, the one that I'd almost think was Hikari.
    She's not fidgeting any more, though. Just staring at nothing as the rest of the class is either leaving, handing over papers to Kunida, or talking to Meiko or Natsumi.
    I'm still not quite sure who I am or what I'm doing here, but I feel stupid just sitting here in the back.
    I stand up. A lucid dream? Is that what it's called when I can just do whatever I like when I know this all happened forever ago? Like with Jun's letter, or that day Jun was up to bat and I -
    The present. What will I do in the present?
    
    menu:
    
        "Join Meiko and Natsumi":
            I can hear their conversation, or at least some of it.
            NATSUMI: "Meiko! Hey, congrats."
            MEIKO: "Oh? Thank you. I mean, it's not much of anything to be proud of, just... being a class rep."
            NATSUMI: "I'm still happy it's you though. You're gonna go for student council next, yeah?"
            MEIKO: "Maybe. Maybe next year. Who knows?"
            MEIKO: "But I think I should be the one congratulating you. Didn't baseball tryout results come out today?"
            NATSUMI: "Yep! I'm in! If they just wanted me warming the bench then Coach and the captain screwed up, because once you give me an inch I'm taking a mile. I want to start games, for sure!"
            NATSUMI: "And thanks so much for telling me to go for it. I'd definitely be pitching underhand down at the municipal fields or something without you."
            MEIKO: "It really wasn't anything. Although thanks for your kind words."
            The girl sitting where I should be sitting stands suddenly, then vanishes out the door. I think I'm the only one that noticed, but at least this means I have my desk back. I'll take a seat.
            NATSUMI: "Hey!"
            TAKERU: "Natsumi? Please tell me that at least in my dream you're still not mad at me."
            NATSUMI: "Huh? You know my name?"
            TAKERU: "Everyone here knows you."
            NATSUMI: "Aha! Look at that. Hey Meiko! Meiko, I've got a fan club already and I haven't even gone to a single practice yet. Does this make me a baseball star?"
            MEIKO: "Don't get ahead of yourself."
            TAKERU: "You have to get results before anyone's going to take you seriously as a player. No matter how good you thought you were before."
            NATSUMI: "I thought today of all days people would just be happy for me instead of so cynical..."
            NATSUMI: "What did you say your name was? If you're going to sit next to me and be so critical, maybe you'd make a decent rival..."
            TAKERU: "A rival? Now it makes sense why you're always giving me such a hard time."
            TAKERU: "I'm Ichiro Takeru, but you already knew that."
            NATSUMI: "Maybe I did and maybe I didn't."
            TAKERU: "Weirdo."
            NATSUMI: "Hmph."
            I talk with Natsumi but I can't remember any of it. Clearly she doesn't remember anything either. Or at least this version of her doesn't know anything. 
            I'm pretty sure I'm just talking to myself.
            But when she finally leaves, I notice there's another person staring at me, from the desk on the other side.
            The room is empty by now. It's just me and... Meiko.
            MEIKO: "Takeru, you said your name was?"
            TAKERU: "Right."
            MEIKO: "Interesting."
            TAKERU: "We've known each other forever, come on."
            MEIKO: "No."
            TAKERU: "If this is... a year ago, then..."
            TAKERU: "You can't have forgotten me already, can you?"
            MEIKO: "Forgotten... Hm."
            MEIKO: "I knew a Takeru once, in middle school."
            MEIKO: "He even looked sort of like you."
            TAKERU: "Probably because - "
            MEIKO: "It's a shame he's dead."
            TAKERU: "Dead? I'm talking to you right now, what are you - "
            MEIKO: "Dead to me. It's all the same, isn't it?"
            MEIKO: "Sorry. I'll stop boring you with all these details of my life before I came to Mirako. I'm a different person now."
            MEIKO: "So even if you share the name of someone that I..."
            MEIKO: "Whoever you are, I'm supposed to be your representative. So let's not start things off on the wrong foot."
            TAKERU: "The wrong foot..."
            Meiko smiles.
            There's something wrong with her expression. I can't place my finger on it, but it's just the last straw on this hallucination of mine, the final sign that THIS IS NOT RIGHT.
            Something or other is lying to me and I do not have enough information to judge if the liar is in my mind or her mind or the mind the person narrating this memory (or a dream) (or a flashback) (or a flashback of a dream) (or - )
            Doesn't matter.
            Does not matter.
            The actual strange thing here: didn't Hikari say she didn't know Meiko at all? It's foggy, but I'm sure I mentioned Meiko to Hikari, at least once, when - 
            My feet almost move on their own. Out of the classroom, out of... whatever this is.
            
        "Talk to not-Hikari:"
            TAKERU: "Hey. Er..."
            ???: "Hum?"
            I probably should've figured what on earth I was going to say before opening my stupid mouth.
            TAKERU: "You're... Your name isn't Hikari, is it?"
            HIKARI: "Miura Hikari. Or are you pretending not to know me? I hear that's 'in.'"
            TAKERU: "I honestly have no idea what you're talking about."
            HIKARI: "Who are you anyway? You realize it's kind of rude to come over make fun of me when I have no idea who you are."
            TAKERU: "Ichiro Takeru. I'm a student here same as you. Why would you think I was here to make fun of you?"
            HIKARI: "Because I just lost."
            TAKERU: "Lost what?"
            HIKARI: "The election. Class rep."
            HIKARI: "Ichiro Takeru, would say people would usually describe you as... dense? Inobservant?"
            TAKERU: "If someone had said that to my face a couple months ago I would've offered to fight them, because that's what - "
            HIKARI: "Okay, then, yes, you're somehow not her to make fun of me. You're legitimately dumb."
            HIKARI: "Have you really never heard of the Miura family?"
            TAKERU: "No."
            HIKARI: "You live in Mirako and you don't even know the name of the oldest family that..."
            HIKARI: "No, wait, that's a good thing. You haven't heard of my family at all, so you just know me. What do you know me for?"
            TAKERU: "I don't know. You sort of lurk in the basement, and you have a thing for tea and boardgames, but..."
            HIKARI: "Basements? I don't know what you're talking about."
            HIKARI: "You're... a little odd, Takeru. But then again, maybe so I am and everyone else here."
            Hikari wanders off. And I realize apart from Kunida, who's sorting through papers, I'm the only one left in the room.
            I dodge to the hall.
    
    It's almost the same end of the day scene that played out an hour ago. Voices in the hall, Meiko surrounded with friends, Natsumi among them...
    After a few minutes I find almost-Hikari again. She's at the end of the hall, but the stairwell. It seems like Meiko spots her at the same moment, because she breaks away from the group and heads towards Hikari in the corner.
    There are some words back and forth that I can't hear, or can't understand. It's not an argument, their conversation seems friendly at least, but the only thing I can make out as Meiko walks away is the expression on Hikari's face.
    She's watching Meiko and the rest of them all laughing and going on about nothing. It's a flat affect, not angry or upset or anything. She shuts her eyes for a moment and when they open again, I think I see a tear.
    The hall empties but she's still standing there. Watching nothing.
    
    HIKARI: "What're you staring at?"
    TAKERU: "Huh?"
    HIKARI: "Did you fall asleep with your eyes open? You've been sitting there staring at my face for almost a minute."
    TAKERU: "Hang on, I must've dozed off."
    We're back in the basement. The sun outside is gone. The tea is cold. And there's no sign of any tears either - Hikari waves at me.
    HIKARI: "Hello?"
    TAKERU: "Sorry, really. I'm just a little disoriented."
    TAKERU: "You were explaining about uh... Last year when you started at Mirako, and..."
    HIKARI: "It's alright. You don't need to pretend to be interested when my life is totally uninteresting anyway. It's why I didn't really want to go into detail on all this."
    HIKARI: "Let's go back to how this worked before. You tell me all about what's going on with you and everyone else in class and I'll listen to that, instead of the other way around. I like listening more than speaking anyway so - "
    TAKERU: "No, really, sorry, I don't know what happened. You were talking about, er, an election for class rep, and then afterwards you were talking to Meiko, and - "
    HIKARI: "Talking to... What?"
    HIKARI: "I don't think I ever mentioned that."
    TAKERU: "Sure you did."
    HIKARI: "No. I was just explaining..."
    HIKARI: "When I was younger, everyone know me because of my family name. You used to be big at Tohoku, you must know what's like where you're the person everyone wants to get to know."
    HIKARI: "Coming here to Mirako was a different experience. That's all I was saying."
    HIKARI: "Where you got that... That particular name... I have no idea."
    TAKERU: "Meiko?"
    HIKARI: "Yes, that one. Stop saying that. I don't really remember her much and I'm sure she's forgotten me by now, if she hadn't before... Well..."
    TAKERU: "Sure sounds like you knew her..."
    HIKARI: "Queen D4 should be checkmate."
    TAKERU: "Huh?"
    HIKARI: "You weren't concentrating on the game so you fell into almost the exact same trap."
    TAKERU: "Oh, guess I did. Damn."
    Although s I reset the board, I realize Hikari is look at something ten miles out the window. And there's that same flat, resigned expression.
    I guess nobody in this school is honest with me.
    TAKERU: "I think I'm going to head home. There's a ton of work to get to and if I can't focus there's no way I'd be able to stand up to you for another game."
    HIKARI: "...Fair enough."
    TAKERU: "Do you want to walk back to the dorms? It's pretty dark out."
    HIKARI: "I'll stay here for a while longer."
    TAKERU: "Oh, right, I guess you live in town if your family's from around here."
    HIKARI: "Something like that."
    TAKERU: "Well... have a good evening."
    I leave Hikari to her now-cold tea and shut the door on my way out.
    Did I step on her toes by bringing up Meiko? I guess they must be enemies or something? Meiko had that odd reaction when I pushed her about Hikari as well...
    That's probably it. Some dumb high school girl thing. Hikari gets in a fight with Meiko and then everyone holds it against her because they're all trying to get into Meiko's good books. That ticks all the boxes, right?
    Kenta just can't keep anyone's name, and Kunida of course wouldn't want to get into politics with his students...
    TAKERU: "Yeah, that all fits. Come on Takeru, try to think straight next time and not get all worked up over nothing, you idiot."
    HAGAMI: "Who's... an idiot?"
    TAKERU: "Ah! Hagami!"
    HAGAMI: "Takeru?"
    TAKERU: "Sorry, I was just talking to myself, ignore me."
    HAGAMI: "Alright."
    TAKERU: "What're you still doing around here?"
    HAGAMI: "Oh. Just..."
    HAGAMI: "Practicing I guess."
    But she blushes.
    If she was practicing the piano I sure didn't hear anything.
    TAKERU: "Right..."
    HAGAMI: "Who's that?"
    TAKERU: "Who?"
    HAGAMI: "Her."
    HAGAMI: "Down the hall. Weren't you two..."
    TAKERU: "Oh, Hikari. Hikari, you're allowed to get closer than thirty feet you know."
    HIKARI: "I didn't want to intrude."
    TAKERU: "Don't smirk like that, you're not intruding on anything."
    HAGAMI: "Oh, then you're Hikari."
    HIKARI: "Yes, I know, nice to meet you, you must be new here. You don't have to mock me, it's old by now."
    HAGAMI: "No, I don't..."
    HAGAMI: "It's just you're in class so on and off that I thought, well..."
    HAGAMI: "Anyway. Um."
    Oh, right I probably shouldn't make Hagami suffer through a self-introduction.
    TAKERU: "This is Inori Hagami, also in our class. She's new this year like me, so I don't know what happened last year but don't take it out on her."
    HIKARI: "Hmm, maybe that's it. Well, we'll see if tomorrow we'll go through this whole introduction again."
    HIKARI: "Take care, Takeru."
    And with that, she's gone.
    HAGAMI: "That..."
    HAGAMI: "You really are friends with some odd people."
    TAKERU: "There's apparently some sort of ongoing prank with her and it's making her weird and antisocial."
    HAGAMI: "Weird... and antisocial."
    Oh, I guess that could also describe Hagami, er -
    TAKERU: "Well, I mean, she can come off as sort of acidic, but she's not so bad. I think the she's the first person I really met here, before you and Mana even."
    HAGAMI: "Ah."
    TAKERU: "You were headed back to the dorms?"
    Hagami nods.
    TAKERU: "Same here. Let's walk back then?"
    Another nod. And we follow Hikari out the building.
    
    I think it was my second or third day here when I first made the hike back to town with Hagami behind me.
    Back then, she was just a shadow, staying about far away enough that I could barely see her and I was sure I was just being stalked by the resident school ghost or something.
    Now she trails behind still, but close enough to speak, not that either of us do. It's silent, save for cicadas in the distance.
    It's funny, I thought with Mana out I'd never have any reason to talk to Hagami. She's my opposite in just about everything but maybe there are some small things like in common, like...
    Like as we cross the bridge back to Shizukawa, I catch her lagging behind, gazing at the burned ruin on the waterfront.
    TAKERU: "You're always looking at that place too, aren't you?"
    HAGAMI: "The shell."
    TAKERU: "Yeah, the burned shell. Did you ever ask Mana what happened there?"
    HAGAMI: "No, I..."
    HAGAMI: "That would lessen it."
    TAKERU: "Lessen the what?"
    HAGAMI: "I'm not really sure."
    I turn to keep walking, but it's at least another minute before Hagami turns and follows.
    Maybe that's why we always seem stuck together. We're the only new students here, so trying to adapt to Mirako is something we're both attempting at the same time.
    Maybe that or something else. Who knows.
    My thoughts slug along, and soon, the sun is set, and we arrive back home.
    
    Tonight I'm spared any visits to the hospital ward and that persistent letter, and Jun and the pitcher's mound are nowhere in sight.
    In fact, I wake up in my own room. But... beyond the window it's still black.
    I can see out over the river, placid, black.
    It's so late I'm not sure whether this hour belongs to today or yesterday or some other system of time altogether.
    All I know is that the river is completely still.
    I'm walking the route to Mirako. The silent road through town. The bend around the corner cafe.
    The bridge comes into sight, spanning to the forested hill opposite, where Mirako stands on the slope.
    There are no streetlights. It's hard to tell if it's really the moon lighting up the night because the sky is one complete shroud of mist, with light filtered through the clouds, and reflecting off the surface of the water.
    But the water moves. There's something red reflected there.
    It's reflecting that ruin, across the water.
    It's on fire, lighting up the night sky.
    ...
    It's blinding.
    Blinding and all-encompassing, swallowing up the night. This universe is just me, on the bridge, staring downriver at -
    Me and one other person, standing here, next to each other, staring downriver at -
    
    jump day12
    