label day26:

    Present-me thanks past-me for moving all those clocks out of the room yesterday.
    I manage to get a decent night's sleep again, and with Kenta distracted with auctions downstairs, I even sleep in to a decent hour.
    I even manage to offer him my sincere opinion on automaton clocks which are apparently all the rage on the traditional collectors' scene nowadays, (my opinion being that as long as it doesn't go off three hours early three feet from my head, it's all good).
    When I see off Kenta at homeroom, Meiko is already there. She's staring straight ahead just as surely as if class had already begun.
    TAKERU: "Good morning."
    TAKERU: "...Meiko?"
    MEIKO: "Oh. Hi."
    MEIKO: "Sorry. I kind of have a lot on my mind."
    A few more minutes, but Natsumi still doesn't show up, so there's no buffer between us.
    TAKERU: "...You're doing alright?"
    MEIKO: "Fine. Exceptionally well. I'm the class rep, aren't I? Shouldn't I be worried about you instead?"
    TAKERU: "Who cares about that? You could be student council president and I'd still ask if there was anything up. You've been kind of... off, lately. Even Natsumi noticed something. That should tell you something."
    MEIKO: "Natsumi's a great friend."
    TAKERU: "Yeah but the least observant person on the planet. Or maybe second least observant, behind me."
    MEIKO: "Haha."
    MEIKO: "It's kind of you, really. But I don't need anyone looking for me. My job is to look out for all of you, so - "
    TAKERU: "No one's paying attention to us. You don't need to act. You even told me we should look after each other, so I'm trying to look after you."
    TAKERU: "Let's grab lunch or something if it's really no big deal."
    MEIKO: "...Maybe. I'll check my schedule."
    But the next moment, our conversation is interrupted by Natsumi's loud arrival.
    I can't tell if she's complaining about the school administration, the summer baseball administration, the summer baseball rules comittee, or the student council festival committee the way she alternates between all of them.
    But she's relying on me for a sympathetic ear and shutting Meiko out of all of it. I nod along, and eventually Kunida begins his lecture.
    ...Without any speech from Meiko, of course.
    I'll try to grab her after lunch.
    
    Maybe Meiko had the same thought. She's waiting outside the classroom door.
    TAKERU: "Hey."
    MEIKO: "Hi Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Were you headed anywhere for lunch? Or I guess you're busy with the festival coming up so fast, but..."
    MEIKO: "There's committee meanings scheduled every lunch break from now until the festival, I'm afraid."
    TAKERU: "Right. I should've known."
    MEIKO: "I won't be attending them."
    TAKERU: "You what?"
    MEIKO: "Maybe there's some free space on the roof."
    TAKERU: "I'm not sure which would be more surprising, if we saw literally anyone else on the roof or that you'd actually skip out on something..>"
    I turn around, casually at first, then leap out of the way as something flies past.
    TAKERU: "What the - "
    MANA: "Takeru! Hagami showed me the club signup sheet, and I turned it in this morning, and I think it's gonna work! The library's back! And our space at the festival is back!"
    TAKERU: "That's great and all but are you trying to kill me or what?"
    MANA: "I was trying to hug you but you dodged. You finally decided to join up! And you recruited that transfer student!"
    TAKERU: "Transfer student?"
    MANA: "That um... I forget. The fourth member!"
    TAKERU: "Oh, right."
    Hikari.
    MANA: "So you've got to come to lunch with us! You'll say hi to Hagami, won't you? She said - "
    MEIKO: "Sorry, have we met?"
    MANA: "Um, um, no, I don't think - "
    MANA: "Kunida-Mana-nice-to-meet-you!"
    She says it all like it's all one word and takes an very unsubtle step behind me.
    MEIKO: "Kotaru Meiko. The pleasure's mine."
    MANA: "Y-you're the student head of the festival committee, and the council member, and the um, person who goes to that super smart school on the weekend, and um..."
    MANA: "Everyone in the first year classes knows you!"
    TAKERU: "I know Meiko's got a reputation but she's not really that scary. Mana?"
    I turn around but Mana's running back down the hall as quickly as she came.
    TAKERU: "If anyone asks I don't know her."
    MEIKO: "She's a strange one, I see..."
    TAKERU: "If her display space for the festival came back... That went through you, didn't it?"
    Meiko nods.
    MEIKO: "Her performance slot as well."
    TAKERU: "Mana's performance slot?"
    MEIKO: "Well, the slot reserved by the supernatural club."
    TAKERU: "Hagami's block..."
    I guess I didn't expect that to actually happen. Probably Hagami didn't either, because she's been sitting around in the piano room all night instead of practicing. I should probably make sure she's on the same page as the festival planners.
    MEIKO: "You look worried, Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Oh, I'm fine."
    MEIKO: "Enjoy your lunch then. I've got that meeting."
    TAKERU: "Wait, didn't you say - "
    MEIKO: "Your friend was trying to invite you. You should go find her."
    MEIKO: "Goodbye."
    And she's gone.
    It's weird. Since that day in the cafe, whenever it's been just Meiko and me, she's seemed quiet, distant, and a bit like that Meiko I grew up with. But when anyone is around, she's back to school icon Meiko, intimidating to frigthen off Mana more effectively than the sight of a literal ghost.
    But I sigh.
    She's gone now and I still have no idea of rejoining the club for lunch.
    if confront_hagami:
        Now that the full weight of exactly what I inflicted on Hagami is back in my memory, I'm even more sure it'd be uncomfortable to have me around, and Mana doesn't know the full extend of what went on.
    else:
        Now that the full weight of exactly what I inflicted on Mana is back in my memory, I'm amazed she wants anything to do with me. But I'd feel so guilty sitting there next to Hagami, now that she knows just how badly I blew up at her friend.
    Hell, it makes me uncomfortable just thinking about it.
    I wind up in the quiet tearoom, and although I know it shouldn't surprise me at this point, I'm alone.
    No sign of Hikari.
    
    Classes end without note. 
    Meiko leaves immediately, and Natsumi only takes a few seconds to chatter at me about a fundraiser at the festival before zipping out the door as well.
    When I follow her out, I note Hagami standing against the opposite wall, headphones on.
    Strange. I haven't known her to lurk around. But I soon see the reason why when Mana troops up the stairs coming straight in my direction, ready for round two.
    MANA: "Takeru!"
    TAKERU: "Oh. Hey Mana."
    MANA: "You never showed up."
    TAKERU: "To what?"
    MANA: "Lunch, obviously! I thought if you were an official club member you'd at least come back to official club meetings..."
    TAKERU: "Lunch is an official club meeting?"
    MANA: "Well, no, but..."
    MANA: "Hagami says you're always moping around and if I don't drag you places you probably wouldn't even go!"
    TAKERU: "Oh, Hagami said that, did she?"
    Hagami is conveniently looking away from us down the hall, but by the slight red tinge she's now taking on I'm starting to wonder if there's anything actually playing through those headphones.
    MANA: "Then we'll have to resort to desperate measures."
    TAKERU: "I should not have put my name on that signup sheet... Bet I could've bribed Kenta, or..."
    MANA: "Tomorrow evening, we're having an Official supernatural club meeting. Official with a capital 'O.'"
    TAKERU: "We'll plan out what to do for the festival booth or something? Fine. I'll help."
    MANA: "That's boring stuff. That's no way to mark the start of the Mirako Ghosthunter Union as an official club."
    if confront_hagami:
        TAKERU: "I also should've changed the name before I gave that form back..."
    else:
        TAKERU: "No, no, that's not the real name."
    MANA: "Fine fine fine, let me see... We'll have to do something suitably big."
    MANA: "I know. Takeru, have you ever held a seance?"
    TAKERU: "A what?"
    MANA: "Then it's settled! Tonight the Mirako Ghosthunter Union will hold its inaugural seance! The secrets of the dead will be revealed!"
    TAKERU: "Can you keep your voice down? If Kenta or someone finds I'm attending this thing I'm never going to hear the end of it."
    MANA: "You'll have fun, I swear! Hagami and I used to do these all the time. Right Hagami!"
    Except Hagami is now taking half-steps down the hall away from us. Those headphones are definitely just for show.
    MANA: "See you tomorrow then Takeru?"
    TAKERU: "I don't think I can get out of it, but I'm just going to be official club secretary and take the minutes, got it? No ghost hunting."
    MANA: "It's ghost summoning?"
    TAKERU: "Never mind. See you tomorrow."
    MANA: "Yeah. See you tomorrow! I'm looking forward to it!"
    Mana runs off, leaving Mana behind.
    I sigh and turn towards the basement wing, and on the way, pass Hagami, who's now pretending to be a statue.
    TAKERU: "I guess you put her up to this?"
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "I know you cam hear me under those things."
    HAGAMI: "...Sorry. Did you need something?"
    TAKERU: "Nothing. I guess I owe you one anyway."
    I resume walking, but after two steps I definitely hear a supressed snicker behind me. But when I turned around, Hagami is already looking someplace else.
    Fine. I'm almost relieved. It seems like some of my old life here is coming back.
    And maybe I could hope to return to normalcy, except for that again when I come to the tearoom, the place is deserted.
    It's frustrating. Hikari could be sitting opposite me and I'd have no way of knowing it. I strain my eyes trying to see into every shadow but there's nothing there.
    Maybe she's saving her energy for research tonight. That's what I tell myself.
    After an hour or two of attempting to study, I give way to pushing Hikari's handcarved pieces around the chessboard, playing both sides. I practice some of what she taught me but without the threat of her criticizing my bad plays it's not really the same.
    I give up, pack the chess set, and head upstairs to the library.
    
    The old library shows signs of life again. The radio sits on the table without its cover, and discarded managa, softcover books, and looseleaf paper again litter the surface of the table.
    I can only barely distinguish the stack of books Hagami and I left here last night. I wonder how Hagami explained this whole situation to Mana... Or if she said anything at all?
    Regardless, I have to do what I can. I flip open the fifth volume of the Japanese folklore anthology.
    HIKARI: "...Can you actually read that?"
    TAKERU: "No, but it's better than sitting her twiddling my thumbs, so I thought I'd - "
    TAKERU: "Hikari."
    HIKARI: "Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Can you at least pretend to behave like a normal person? Announcing when you're coming and going?"
    HIKARI: "I've tried it so many times but if you never hear then I'm not about to keep trying."
    TAKERU: "Fine. I guess you've been stalking me all day trying to get my attention?"
    HIKARI: "Not precisely."
    TAKERU: "Did you find someone else to tail? Or were you down in the tea room this whole time?"
    HIKARI: "Hard to say."
    TAKERU: "Ah. So you're hiding something."
    HIKARI: "I'm not. That would be pointless, wouldn't it?"
    TAKERU: "Okay, maybe not hiding something, but..."
    TAKERU: "Do you even know where you were today?"
    HIKARI: "...No."
    HIKARI: "It's a sort of blank period. I tried to make it to class, but..."
    I get the feeling neither of us would rather talk about the implication.
    TAKERU: "Maybe we should get back to the research."
    HIKARI: "Yes, the research."
    TAKERU: "Not that we can do much without Hagami."
    HIKARI: "If you'll hold the book open, I can read aloud."
    TAKERU: "Alright, let me find my notes first. Any reference to reincarnation or haunting or whatever, and we'll mark the page for Hagami."
    There's hardly a need, though.
    While our system works well enough, Hagami arrives in person after only a few dozen pages of volume five.
    Her headphones are still on, and this time I have to believe she's using them legitimately, because when I call her name, her eyes tell me she's still lost in space.
    TAKERU: "Hagami? You there?"
    HAGAMI: "Oh, um... Hey."
    HIKARI: "Good evening."
    TAKERU: "I thought you might not show. I'm sure we both really appreciate it."
    HIKARI: "I'm grateful. I'd never ask, but, that you're willing to help..."
    HAGAMI: "I do what I can."
    HAGAMI: "...Which volume were we on?"
    HIKARI: "Five. But..."
    HIKARI: "Listen, don't you have a performance coming up?"
    TAKERU: "Oh, yeah Hagami, I almost forgot but Hikari jogged my memory... Meiko told me your performance slot is definitely a go. You're still planning on that?"
    HAGAMI: "...I think so."
    HIKARI: "Then go prepare. Takeru and I will manage."
    HAGAMI: "If that's all the progress you've made on this volume..."
    She gestures at my notes.
    HAGAMI: "...you'll be here all night. I don't mind helping."
    So we set up our system again. This time, we rearrange things a little differently. I scour the shelves for likely titles, while Hagami and Hikari skim through their books in parallel. Whenever Hikari needs a note taken down or Hagami requires a new dictionary, I fetch those as well.
    I'm glad I at least serve some purpose up here. I want to be able to help, even if it's the manual labor.
    After volume five is complete, and I serve up the next pair of hardcover cyclopedias on the supernatural, it doesn't seem like we're any closer.
    So far the closest reference to anything resembling a Hikari-class ghost is a probably-fictional tale from one of the folklore books. And said ghost went on to murder three people in a wartime-era mountain village before meeting its fate via Shinto rituals, so that doesn't seem very helpful.
    And as the night wears on, Hikari's pace slows. Curfew comes, goes, and I think I've served Hagami two books since I last refreshed Hikari's.
    Finally, Hikari stands up. But it's not to order me to fetch another volume.
    HIKARI: "I think I'm done. You can all go home."
    TAKERU: "Hikari?"
    HIKARI: "Don't worry about research. I'll be fine on my own. See you around."
    She passes out the library door as Hagami and I stare at each other.
    HAGAMI: "Is... she alright?"
    TAKERU: "I don't know. I'm really not sure what's up with her."
    TAKERU: "Think I should follow her?"
    Hagami just shrugs.
    We work through the last volume of the folklore series together, but there are no hits, and I'm distracted at this point.
    TAKERU: "Sorry, Hagami. Maybe we'd better cancel this."
    HAGAMI: "I understand."
    TAKERU: "Probably I should try to find her..."
    Did Hikari mean we should call it a night? Or call and end to finding a cure in general?
    I leave Hagami in the library and poke my head into the hall. No sign of Hikari.
    Maybe I should look around... It's not like there are many places she likes to go.
    
    Sure enough when I enter the tea room, she's here - not seated, but staring out the high window.
    TAKERU: "Found you."
    HIKARI: "It's not like I was hiding."
    TAKERU: "I guess."
    TAKERU: "You want tea or something?"
    HIKARI: "I suppose I wouldn't mind it."
    TAKERU: "Give me two minutes then."
    I know Hikari will probably scold me for using up the good stuff, but I find a few remaining bags of the aromatic tea from the back of the top shelf. It takes me a few minutes to prepare everything, but I place the cup of freshly-brewed tea by Hikari's place at the table.
    I want her to complain that I'm wasting her best blend on someone like me with an immature pallette, but she doesn't even sit down.
    TAKERU: "Tea's ready."
    HIKARI: "Thank you."
    Still staring out the window.
    HIKARI: "You don't think I came down here just because I needed a cup of tea, do you?"
    TAKERU: "No, but..."
    I sit down, defeated.
    TAKERU: "I mean, something's wrong, obviously. If you don't want to say it, fine, I can't force you, but I figured I'd come find you anyway if you needed an ear. I owe you a lot more than that."
    HIKARI: "I think maybe that's it."
    She joins me at the table.
    HIKARI: "You don't owe me anything. It's touching that you and that Hagami would drop everything to try and find some way to stop whatever's happening to me. But for one thing, I think it's impossible. Even if you found a book that described me perfectly, what if it just said at the end, 'Of course this type of ghost disappears after one year.'"
    HIKARI: "What have you gained? You should be spending your time with your friends preparing for the festival."
    HIKARI: "Your Hagami, doesn't she have a performance to worry about? And you're helping your idiot roommate with a booth. You all shouldn't be locked up in that dusty library for my sake... And for the record I think what your club has done to that room is atrocious, by the way."
    HIKARI: "But the point is, the last few months have been the most that I could hope for. I think it'd be selfish of me to want for more, frankly."
    HIKARI: "I know I always pepper you with hypothetical questions, but, let's say you knew you had a week to live. What would you do?"
    TAKERU: "Hell if I know. I probably wouldn't want to know."
    HIKARI: "No one would. But if you did, you wouldn't panic."
    TAKERU: "No. I'd probably pretend I didn't know."
    HIKARI: "Then we're alike."
    HIKARI: "I won't deny I'm scared. I'm very scared, but I don't want to run around like a headless chicken."
    TAKERU: "You've been pretty composed."
    HIKARI: "Thank you. You're probably just flattering me but that's alright. I'm trying to pull myself together. I'm supposed to be dignified."
    HIKARI: "What I want to do... Maybe let's get in another few games of chess. You keep me up to date on the festival prep, on your new club, on classes, on her... Meiko. And then I want to finally see the fireworks. And then if I'm gone, I'm gone."
    TAKERU: "No fireworks this year."
    HIKARI: "...I'd forgotten about that."
    TAKERU: "It's late, but I think I could still hang around for a chess match if you wanted though."
    HIKARI: "That's alright... It'd be inconvenient for you, and I'm not in the mood to concentrate."
    HIKARI: "It's so annoying. I'm supposed to be the mature, sophisticated girl who faces oblivion with her eyes open. And instead every time I think about it I feel the adrenaline pumping. Ugh."
    TAKERU: "We're only human."
    HIKARI: "Ha, I almost laughed. You might be, but it seems I'm something even weirder than what's covered by the paranormal textbooks."
    TAKERU: "You know I'm still going to try and stop whatever's happening, right?"
    HIKARI: "You really shouldn't bother."
    TAKERU: "But if we don't do anything, won't you - "
    HIKARI: "No matter what happens, it's been a pleasure, Takeru. I really think you've already saved me once anyway."
    TAKERU: "What do you mean?"
    HIKARI: "Goodnight."
    She doesn't reply, just stands, bows, and watches me in silence. I can read a cue to leave.
    When I make to go, Hikari's eyes follow me, but she doesn't rise from the table. And as I slide shut the door behind me, she isn't there any longer.
    
    I check back in the library, but both Hagami and the research books are missing. Good, I would've felt guilty if she didn't go home.
    Except on the road home tonight, I catch that extra pair of footsteps, like there's someone following fifty feet behind.
    Hagami, keeping her distance again... I remember those last few nights where we used to walk home from Mirako together.
    It's a shame. Even if she wants to help Hikari, and even if the club is reformed, she'll probably never trust me again.
    When I come to the bridge, I hesitate again, and then take the turn down the riverside path... The way to Hikari's grave.
    The crickets are out in full force tonight, but as always, the river is silent.
    Finally I come to the clearing.
    The moon is less bright tonight, obscured by a haze of clouds. The sky is a uniform gray, barely enough for me to make out the outline of the stack of stones.
    TAKERU: "Hikari..."
    I can speak to this pile of rocks, even if I can't speak to her face.
    What I wanted to say when I left was that even if Hikari thinks I saved her, I'm pretty sure it's the other way around. It's hard to imagine where I'd be if I hadn't met her on my first day here. Or if she hadn't been there for me when I arrived back from the clinic.
    So I sit on a stump and stare at the rockpile, and wonder what I'll do if I lose her. How would Hikari want me to mourn her? How do I save her memory, when everyone else seems determined to forget her?
    Somewhere on the path, the crickets are interrupted by the crunching of a stick.
    The hair on my neck stands on end. Again, there's a grinding sound. Dirt beneath a shoe?
    Footsteps. They grow closer.
    ...Then stop when something sits down on the stump besides mine.
    TAKERU: "Hagami."
    HAGAMI: "Sorry."
    HAGAMI: "Let me know if I should leave."
    TAKERU: "You're fine."
    Her silhouette is framed against the charcoal sky.
    HAGAMI: "...Are her ashes here?"
    TAKERU: "I'm not sure. It's her memorial, anyway."
    When we're both silent for long enough, the crickets resume.
    HAGAMI: "She was probably unhappy I was there."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    HAGAMI: "Isn't that why Hikari left tonight?"
    TAKERU: "No, not at all. I think she felt guilty that you were spending time on her, if anything."
    HAGAMI: "Time is cheap."
    TAKERU: "Maybe. Seems so now."
    Sometimes I've felt that way. Wasting away the days in the clinic, especially. But now, with everything hurtling towards the festival, maybe I'd disagree.
    HAGAMI: "Mana said she committed suicide."
    TAKERU: "I think it's more complicated than that."
    HAGAMI: "I didn't think so. People like her... the popular kids... I didn't think they did things like that."
    HAGAMI: "Just people like us."
    TAKERU: "You and me?"
    HAGAMI: "Have you ever felt like you were running in circles? And that no matter what you did... You could never never change the future?"
    TAKERU: "Maybe sometimes, when I've been trapped at the clinic."
    HAGAMI: "I've been that way once or twice."
    HAGAMI: "That book said people with schizophrenia were almost four times as likely to commit, um..."
    TAKERU: "Suicide. Don't worry, I've never considered it."
    But I think... Mr. Kunida's brother, Mana's dad. He died pretty damn young, and neither of them want to talk about him either. It's more than likely that he -
    HAGAMI: "Maybe if we knew what drove Hikari to do it... we'd be able to find out more."
    TAKERU: "She says it was accidental. And then no one thought it was accidental, they thought it was intentional, they all figured she'd drowned herself on purpose."
    HAGAMI: "I know I've heard a story like that before."
    TAKERU: "What do you mean?"
    HAGAMI: "A suicide, but not really, and a ghost who appears later."
    HAGAMI: "I think I've heard it before. In a book... somewhere."
    TAKERU: "Really?"
    TAKERU: "Then the answer's out there."
    HAGAMI: "If we keep searching... We'll find it."
    TAKERU: "You know, Hikari was worried about you."
    HAGAMI: "Me?"
    TAKERU: "With the supernatural club official now, Meiko gave you your performance slot back. And Hikari said when you practiced, you..."
    TAKERU: "Have you been practicing?"
    HAGAMI: "I've tried."
    TAKERU: "Meiko's serious about this. There's the all-school assembly on the program, and she's put our club on the schedule, for you to perform. It's not a joke."
    HAGAMI: "...I'll be fine."
    Even if Hikari swears she hasn't heard a single note from the piano room?
    It feels stupid jumping from talking about the night of Hikari's death a year ago to a piano recital in a few days, but...
    The thought of Hagami trapped up there, bombing a performance in front of the whole school... That can't happen.
    TAKERU: "You're sure it'll be fine?"
    TAKERU: "Meiko's great and all but I'm not sure how much I trust her. I don't think she'd set you up just to fail, but - "
    HAGAMI: "I won't fail."
    Determination in her voice like I haven't heard before.
    HAGAMI: "But um..."
    HAGAMI: "You haven't told Mana?"
    TAKERU: "Told her about the performance slot? No. Why's it matter?"
    HAGAMI: "Doesn't she keep pulling you into supernatural club meetings?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah. Thanks a lot for your support this afternoon, by the way."
    HAGAMI: "I couldn't help it."
    HAGAMI: "Mana is like that. For you and me. If she thinks she knows what's best for you, she won't stop."
    TAKERU: "Yeah..."
    HAGAMI: "I want to do this without her."
    TAKERU: "What do you mean?"
    HAGAMI: "Mana is amazing, but..."
    HAGAMI: "Takeru, can I admit something?"
    TAKERU: "I can't stop you."
    We're sitting alone, next to each other, on this cloudy night, unable to see more than the shape next to each other.
    HAGAMI: "I'm not sure if I can do it."
    TAKERU: "The performance?"
    HAGAMI: "I told them I was prepared. I've performed for bigger audiences than Mirako. At Showa I did it. In middle school, I had one concert where..."
    HAGAMI: "I don't know. That's all in the past now. I don't want Mana to think I can do something that I can't. I don't want to disappoint her."
    TAKERU: "So if you perform on festival day, it'll be a pleasant surprise for her. And if you don't, you don't. That's it."
    HAGAMI: "You understand."
    HAGAMI: "I... Maybe I should try to practice more, but..."
    HAGAMI: "It seems so small. When there are other things out there. Like you, and Hagami."
    HAGAMI: "If she doensn't want me to help... should I?"
    TAKERU: "She can say what she wants, but I think in reality you're the only person that can actually do anything for her. Didn't you say you'd heard a story that sounded like her?"
    HAGAMI: "But I can't remember..."
    HAGAMI: "I don't think it was a book in the library. But it was somewhere."
    HAGAMI: "We'll find the truth. I won't... I won't let you lose her."
    There's a melancholy in Hagami's voice I can't place. But when I look past her shadow to the river Shizukawa, still in the cloudy night, the whole thing seems like melancholy incarnate anyway.
    As I hold the vigil over the stone gravemarker, I wonder just how much of this Hikari can see.
    Because I feel uncomfortable here. Even though I feel closer than ever to Hagami beside me... I can still sense that there are debts yet to be settled.
    
    jump day27
    