label day20

    Normally, in the morning, the dorm window provides a view of the river Shizukawa.
    Today is abnormal for two reasons. First, outside the window is just a bank of fog. Some storm must be passing over the mountain, because even if isn't raining, it looks like a cloud has parked itself over the entire town.
    Second thing: Kenta is still here, and it's under and hour until class starts.
    TAKERU: "Kenta?"
    He's definitely still here. I can hear him rummaging around, even if the huge cardboard box from yesterday is blocking my line of sight.
    KENTA: "Takeru! I don't have time for you."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    KENTA: "I closed an auction ten minutes ago and now I'm short on time. I don't care what mixed messages you have for me today. This is dire."
    TAKERU: "...What?"
    Maybe I'm still dreaming.
    KENTA: "Yes. I needed a specific gear for - "
    He shuts his mouth and jumps like he just realized something. And just like yesterday, he puts his back to the wall and creeps out the door.
    TAKERU: "Kenta! You have your undershirt on over your coat! And where's your tie? What are you - "
    The door slams.
    TAKERU: "This is even more tiring than when he actually did try to talk to me..."
    I'm about to start scrounging around for fresh clothing when I notice Kenta has done all the laundry, and my share is sitting by the foot of my bed.
    Convenient. But still, this is the guy that worried enough about be that he was concerned he was sending the right variety of underwear my way while I was holed up at a mental hospital. I don't need him doing my laundry,
    Just put it on the end of that huge list of "unpleasant things I need to sort out with unpleasant people." Since I've been back it just keeps on growing.
    
    Kenta is long gone by the time I'm on the road.
    Luckily I have the road memorized or I'd have no idea where to go. The fog is absolutely oppressive. And even though it's not all that warm today, the humidity has me sweating through my shirt.
    As I cross the bridge, there's no sign of the ruin downriver, or even trees downriver at a distance of more than a few meters.
    This summer is going to be an absolute chore.
    When I show up outside homeroom, Kenta is outside arguing with Natsumi about something. There's a lot of gesturing involved and Natsumi is waving Kenta's tie around, so I guess this must be about his managing to put on his uniform in reverse order this morning.
    I sit down next to Meiko's empty desk.
    Behind me, there's no sign of Hikari, per usual. Hagami is there, but her headphones are on. And unlike the usual, she has her eyes closed. Probably so she doesn't have to deal with me.
    Natsumi shows up to class a minute later, opens her mouth like she's about to say something, then catches herself and instead starts some conversation with the girl in the row in front of us.
    I couldn't care less.
    ...Until she starts pointedly glancing at me.
    NATSUMI: "...So we're headed out today for Iwate for the first round in the tournament."
    NATSUMI: "...Not that certain people have helped...
    NATSUMI: "...Nope. Still got that gap in out starting rotation. It's not gonna be pretty."
    Etcetera.
    I couldn't care less about ignoring Natsumi. She deserves whatever's coming to her in the summer tournament series.
    What's more surprising to me is when Meiko arrives, Natsumi's attention shifts off me completely. And she begins a completely unrelated conversation with some baseball guy in the next row, but in the exact same tone of voice.
    NATSUMI: "...Nope, no fireworks this year."
    NATSUMI: "...But I hear it wasn't the staff. Talk to the festival committee."
    NATSUMI: "...Who's on the committee? Well, our class rep is of course. Maybe talk to her. Weird that the festival committee would cancel the show completely, huh? What were they thinking?"
    Etcetera.
    Go figure. Natsumi is the least subtle person I know, so it's hard for her to hide when she's annoyed with someone. And she's annoyed with both me and Meiko.
    So she doesn't even look in either direction at either of us until the start of lunch and says her goodbyes. The team's bus leaves at noon, apparently.
    And when she's gone, it's just Meiko and I sitting next to each other, with an empty desk between us, staring straight ahead.
    
    The lunch break is a relief.
    I'm fully prepared to continue ignoring Meiko as much as she's ignoring me. But I'm stopped at the door.
    MEIKO: "Hey."
    TAKERU: "Meiko?"
    MEIKO: "Hey Takeru."
    Eye contact with her is an act of defiance.
    MEIKO: "You... So..."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    MEIKO: "Let's get lunch. My treat."
    TAKERU: "Alright?"
    It's only a second of vulnerability before she's back to the Meiko that gave today's class announcements. Unquestionable.
    Meiko's treat turns out to only be the cafeteria, and it's not like she says anything to me the whole time we order and walk upstairs to the roof.
    Despite the weather, the top of the Mirako school remains empty. Today, the only difference is there is no view. 
    Meiko and I eat in silence. If she were to lean backwards, I wonder if I'd even be able to see her in front of me.
    This is terrible. I shouldn't have agreed to this. The silence is just as oppressive as the fog. What do I say?
    TAKERU: "Hey. About when I was in the clinic."
    MEIKO: "...?"
    TAKERU: "Thanks for coming to visit."
    She doesn't respond, aside from a sigh.
    TAKERU: "Maybe I should apologize. I've been caught up trying to sort my own things out"
    TAKERU: "I don't deny any of the things they said in the hospital, if that's what you're here for."
    TAKERU: "I told them I saw things, and I didn't elaborate on what those 'things' were. Is that good enough?"
    TAKERU "...No? I didn't mention her name."
    But I don't think Meiko was even listening. Because she's rummaging through her bag, and eventually produces two pages stapled together.
    MEIKO: "Do you know who this is for? The recepient?
    TAKERU: "Recipient?"
    It almost looks like a letter. It's on official stationary anyway, and addressed to...
    TAKERU: "Kunida Mana? Yeah. I know her. Did you know she's actually related to our Mr. Kunida?"
    MEIKO: "No. I don't know her."
    TAKERU: "I mean, I guess I can deliver it. But you could just leave it with Mr. Kunida when you see him. Or drop it off at the old library."
    I probably should've thought about the situation before I volunteered. I would rather not run into Mana if I didn't have to, but Meiko acts as if she's forgotten the letter, and I'm the one holding it, so...
    TAKERU: "Alright. I'll do it."
    TAKERU: "Is this about the festival?"
    MEIKO: "Sort of."
    TAKERU: "I guess you're denying their performance request."
    Meiko doesn't respond.
    She's looking off to where there's be a view of the mountainside, were the whole mountain not cloaked in gray.
    I'll take her silence as a "yes."
    But the minutes keep passing, and she's still quiet.
    TAKERU: "I didn't mind working on the festival committee work with you."
    MEIKO: "I didn't mind having your help, either."
    TAKERU: "..."
    TAKERU: "I guess I don't understand why you called me out here."
    MEIKO: "I don't understand either."
    And so we finish lunch like that, together.
    Without the view, the roof feels isolated, like it's the only place left in the world.
    
    For the rest of the day, she doesn't speak to me.
    I'm working one station over from her in chemistry (I'm partnerless this week, just my luck) and more than once I
    notice glancing away from her partner, looking my way.
    I wonder...
    Was she lying at lunch, about not knowing why she wanted to eat with me? Was it really just to hand me someone else's papers?
    Meiko has always seemed like she was working from a plan, self-assured about everything. There's no way she's just as confused as me about all this. Right?
    I sigh and get back to work.
    
    Once the last class ends, I've nothing left to do here. I suppose I'll stop by the old library and see if Mana and Hagami are meeting after school today. Maybe I can slip the forms under the door and be done with it.
    Probably it would be best if I wasn't around while Mana read the bad news, assuming this about the festival booth. Or who knows, maybe Mana won't be too upset. It sounded like their manga wasn't going to be ready in timea anyway.
    No luck. The room's empty.
    Everything looks mostly as I remember it. Boxes of newspapers and records and stuffed into the bookshelves next to books on the paranormal. Drawing paper covers the table. On top of a hardcover titled "La magie sacrée." The rabbit censer is there, along with a new addition, apparently a rabbit teakettle.
    I have to supress whatever feelings I have standing here. This isn't where I belong any more. So I close the door.
    Hm, I can probably come back tomorrow and lunch and pull the whole sliding-under-the-door trick and avoid having to deal with any fallout.
    Before I leave, I walk the length of the basement hallway. The narrow windows at the top of the wall provide no light today, and the unused wing is dark. I keep an eye on the shadows, half-expecting Hikari to be hiding somewhere, but she's nowhere to be found.
    The hair is up on the back of my neck though. I feel like I'm being tailed.
    When I come to the tearoom, I reach to slide open the door, but before I can, someone on the other side opens it in front of me.
    TAKERU: "Mana?"
    MANA: "Huh?"
    I jump out of the way. She's carrying a cardboard box that must obstruct her view.
    TAKERU: "Is that full of teabags?"
    MANA: "Takeru! It is you. And yes. I just found the cutest teapot so I decided - "
    TAKERU: "You can't just carry them off. That's theft. That's someone's property."
    MANA: "What? But this whole hall's abandoned. It's just stuff people forgot down here. We've put together the whole library like that, and my uncle put together his office like that too. He said it's okay."
    TAKERU: "That explains a lot..."
    MANA: "Did you come to give me a hand with this box?"
    TAKERU: "No."
    TAKERU: "I think if you take all the tea you'll probably be haunted by the ghost of the tea, so you might want to reconsider that."
    MANA: "Oh..."
    MANA: "Takeru, um. I'm not really sure I should talk to you. I still feel kind of... It hurts joking around with you like this when I know you're not..."
    MANA: "Unless you're here to say you changed your mind? About the club?"
    TAKERU: "No, sorry. I was just looking for a friend."
    TAKERU: "But if you're here I have a couple papers from you from Meiko, about the festival I think."
    I hand her the two stapled sheets of paper from my bag.
    It takes Mana a minute to page through them. Her faces changes to one of shock, to amazement, then back to that teary look I saw yesterday. No, she's actually legitimately in tears.
    I didn't think her reaction would be that extreme...
    TAKERU: "Are you alright?"
    MANA: "Of course I'm not. You..."
    MANA: "How could you do this?"
    TAKERU: "I didn't do anything. Like I said this, it's from the festival committee."
    MANA: "No, it's from the student council. You don't need to lie."
    TAKERU: "The student council? I guess that makes sense, Meiko's on both, so - "
    MANA: "Why'd you have to do it Takeru? Even if you weren't coming back to the supernatural club, you didn't have to get us shut down."
    TAKERU: "Hold up, what?"
    MANA: "They're kicking us out of the library. They say we're not a real club because we don't have four members and so we can't book space down here any more. And a week from now they're going to hold student council meetings there so we have to move everything out."
    TAKERU: "What? No, it was supposed to be about..."
    MANA: "This is too cruel. You're heartless! Do you like hurting people? Is that it?"
    TAKERU: "No! I didn't want this at all. I'm just delivering the thing, I didn't write it. And I knew that's what it was I would've argued with Meiko, I swear. I'll get her to change her mind. We're supposed to be friends, she has to listen."
    MANA: "You and your your friends..."
    MANA: "I misjudged you Takeru. That first day when I met you, I reached out, because you looked lonely, and I know what that feels like, and..."
    MANA: "But I guess it's no problem for you finding friends with these horrible people that take every chance they can to torment me and Hagami for no reason."
    MANA: "Yesterday I was so sad you wouldn't be coming back. Now I'm just sad I ever met you."
    TAKERU: "Mana! Mana, I..."
    I really wish I was any good at finding the words for a time like this. But I'm not, and there's nothing I can do to prevent Mana crying off into the hall.
    I'm left standing here next to the box of tea and the two stapled pages, crumpled on the floor.
    I slump against the wall. This...
    Down the hall in the other direction, I spot movement. Probably Hikari about to berate me for my utter failure at handling this.
    But it's Meiko.
    MEIKO: "..."
    TAKERU: "Hey!"
    But she's gone.
    Was she just here to watch?
    TAKERU: "Damn it. Damn her."
    I read through the note from where Mana left it on the floor. It's exactly what she said it was, of course. The supernatural club has less than four members is therefore not a club, and can therefore not reserve meeting space.
    Who cares? There's no shortage of space here. And what does it matter if it's not an official club? No one was asking for funding from the school. This is just spite.
    Of course it's spite.
    I remember that look yesterday, what Meiko seemed to be saying to me, after I let slip to Natsumi the whole fireworks thing.
    Of course it's her way of getting even. It's destructive and petty. You hurt my relationship with my friend, I'll hurt your relationship with yours. 
    Except I never meant to hurt anyone, and all I did was tell the truth.
    I wish I could say this was so unlike the calm, collected Meiko that is our class rep. And it is unlike that Meiko. But it's all too like the Meiko I remember growing up... Picking fights with her aunt, always a problem in school...
    And it's all too like the Meiko that visited me in the hospital. I thought she was threatening me then. Guess I was right.
    
    With nothing else to do, I cart the abandoned box of tea back into the tearoom and start restocking the shelves. 
    How often do I have to tell Mana not to scrounge things from this room?
    ...Although I guess it's a moot point now.
    And while I keep expecting Hikari to pop out of some corner, she never does.
    I don't like the feeling. I'm not sure if it's because I could use someone to give me advice on this whole Mana/Meiko situation, or because I keep thinking about what Hikari was talking about last night... That she seemed even less present in the real world than ever before.
    Eventually I have the whole room back in order but there's no sign of Hikari.
    To pass the time, I open up the book I have on load from Hikari, about the weird French mystics. It really is a long shot, but I continue from where I left off last night, just looking for anything related to ghosts or the dead or... whatever Hikari is.
    Of course there's nothing remotely like her in here. A good 90% of it is mystic squares and number triangles and I really don't need math in my recreational reading.
    By the time I'm done, it's dark out. Whatever it's an early sunset or fog at work, I don't know, but down in the basement it might as well be midnight. It doesn't help that half the lights are burnt out.
    If Hikari isn't here, there's no point to sticking around. I'll drop off Hagami's book at the library and head home.
    The old library is as I left it -- clutter, radio, matching rabbit censer and teakettle.
    I realize as I drop off Hagami's book in a random pile... If I really wanted to figure out what was up with Hikari, this would probably be the place to do it. Some random Russian monk must've described some phenomenon like her before and decided to write all about it. 
    Or maybe I'd just find a text about a German psychologist collecting stories from schizophrenics about meeting the ghosts of people they'd never known before. Either would be fine.
    Either one would be fine.
    I'm starting to consider having a look around when I hear a voice behind me.
    HIKARI: "Surpring. I wouldn't have expected to see you here."
    TAKERU: "Oh, it's you. I thought you were Mana for a minute."
    HIKARI: "That's why I'm surprised. If you though you might run into Mana up here, I thought you'd avoid this place, after what you just put her through."
    TAKERU: "I am avoiding it, I was just here to drop off this book. It's been a long day."
    TAKERU: "But I guess from what you're saying... You already know something about it."
    HIKARI: "You caused a lot of noise outside my room. How could I not notice?"
    TAKERU: "So you saw all of it."
    HIKARI: "Thanks for retrieving the tea though. Even if nothing else good came out of it."
    TAKERU: "If you were there you could've stopped Mana in the first place."
    HIKARI: "She didn't listen to me. She didn't even notice me. You didn't either."
    TAKERU: "Sorry. I tried to keep an eye out."
    HIKARI: "It's fine... I don't think it would've made a difference."
    TAKERU: "Hey, should I bring the censer back? The one shaped like a rabbit? I thought that was yours too, along with the tea."
    HIKARI: "Yes, it's another that girl stole."
    TAKERU: "Then I'll - "
    HIKARI: "But I suppose she's made more use of it than I ever did."
    HIKARI: "The teapot was mine too. I only bought that censer because I wanted to try making a teapot in that style. I'd say it turned out well."
    TAKERU: "You mean you made that? That's really impressive. It's copper, isn't it? And you carved that chess set as well."
    TAKERU: "I didn't realize you were that good with your hands."
    HIKARI: "Was."
    HIKARI: "I was good with my hands. I can't do any of that any more."
    TAKERU: "Oh... Right."
    HIKARI: "So your silly friend can keep the teapot. Once I'm gone altogether, you can keep the chess set, too."
    HIKARI: "Not the tea though. Find someone else to take that, I know you don't appreciate it. Ha, it really is like I'm writing a will."
    TAKERU: "Hang on, you're serious about that? You're not going to up and dissappear are you?"
    HIKARI: "I don't know that for sure, but it seems likely, doesn't it?"
    HIKARI: "If even you don't notice me, when you're specifically looking for me..."
    HIKARI: "It's been headed this direction for a long time. But it's sped up reason, so it doesn't hurt to be cautious."
    TAKERU: "No way... There's got to be some way we can fix this, or turn it around, or - "
    HIKARI: "I doubt it. Maybe this is nature correcting itself. I'm unnatural, after all."
    TAKERU: "You can't just give up."
    HIKARI: "I never said I was. But I'm a realist.""
    TAKERU: "You've been someone I could count on from the first day I showed up here. You've always been the person I come to for advice. Losing you would hurt.
    HIKARI: "If you cared that much about my advice you'd follow it. It looks to me like you've been too busy sulking to do much of anything. Except for antagonize that poor first year girl."
    TAKERU: "Yeah... Mana."
    I really screwed that one up. I want to blame Meiko, but...
    HIKARI: "If I'm the person you always turn to for advice, it's because you've antagonized almost everyone else."
    TAKERU: "Maybe. I should probably thank you for sticking with me."
    HIKARI: "Hum. That's curious."
    HIKARI: "I don't have much choice in it, for one thing. And for a second, if you'd never met me, you wouldn't be in half of this trouble to begin with."
    TAKERU: "Then you're not still upset with me?"
    HIKARI: "I never really was."
    TAKERU: "Then yesterday, when you were saying you never got a chance, but I did..."
    HIKARI: "I've changed my perspective."
    HIKARI: "Maybe you're my second chance."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    HIKARI: "I mean, er..."
    I don't think I've ever seen Hikari flustered.
    HIKARI: "In the sense that, well... Maybe I can live a bit through you."
    HIKARI: "When we first met I thought you were my polar opposite. You're rough and bumbling and half the time you don't even know how to compose yourself."
    HIKARI: "And I'd die before I'd call myself any of those things."
    TAKERU: "Thanks."
    HIKARI: "You were supposed to be a star baseball player, and I was supposed to be Mirako royatly. We had every advantage coming in."
    TAKERU: "And we both managed to screw it all up."
    HIKARI: "Yes. I would've never admitted that to anyone before, that I ever did anything wrong, or made any poor decisions. Maybe it's because I have more perspective now, it's different now. Like we're in the same boat."
    HIKARI: "So you second chance is my second chance. If I was angry with you, it's because I care about you, and I don't want you to squander it. And my being angry doesn't really help you out any, does it?"
    TAKERU: "Then..."
    I'm trying to find the words.
    TAKERU: "Then if you say we're in the same boat, you have to understand I care about you as well. So don't just say you're planning on vanishing into the void like it's just another Tuesday."
    HIKARI: "Hum. I misjudged you again."
    HIKARI: "I figured you'd be relieved if I stopped popping up. It'd certainly make your condition easier to hide."
    HIKARI: "And I know you're in a tight spot right now, so I shouldn't say I'm happy. But I'm happy to know you understand me, even if in a small way."
    Hikari has a tiny smile. And as far as I can tell, it's sincere.
    HIKARI: "...I should probably go."
    TAKERU: "Hikari?"
    But she's slipped off. 
    By this point, the sun has set. It's no longer the fog obscuring the windows, just the night. And rather than scrounge through the library with the main light on, I choose to turn off the lamp at the table and head out.
    Except at some point in the process of closing down the library, I hear and extra step.
    TAKERU: "Hikari, are you back?"
    Of course not. Since when I hear Hikari's footsteps?
    But someone was there all the same. 
    I duck out the door and peer down both sides of the hall. I'm about to chalk it up to a coincidence when I see her standing under the cover a doorway at the far end.
    TAKERU: "Hagami?"
    She responds by turning the corner and vanishing from view.
    TAKERU: "What is she always doing her so late..."
    If she was practicing the piano for her non-existant recital at the festival, I've sure never heard it. 
    Today, I can only guess she was eavesdropping on my conversation with Hikari.
    I sure hope not, but...
    Hopefully she didn't hear too much.
    
    jump day21
    
    
    
    
    
    