label day27:

    I wake up in a dead sweat.
    Luckily it's a dreamless sleep, it just seems the window was open and this room on the top floor has been collecting heat all night.
    An open window? Kenta would never sleep with an open window, so where - 
    It's like I've woken up in a different room. The dividing line our two halves of the room is gone. The cabinets have been rearranged to box my bed into the corner. Where there were bare floors yesterday, there are now clock guts and jumpled boxes piled together.
    There's no sign of Kenta. And no sign that I'll have clothing by the time classes start - looks like I've slept late.
    I work up a sweat again just pushing my way clear to the door, and eventually find something to wear tucked inside an otherwise-empty packing crate.
    TAKERU: "Thanks Kenta, you had to put all this right in the last place I'd look."
    Where did he even go? And while it's nice to sleep in for once it'd be nice if the place didn't transform into a warzone in the morning.
    
    The one bus that runs up to Mirako already left, so I'm forced to take the path up the mountain by foot as usual.
    Except this time I'm late so I practically need to jog, and it's wretchedly hot and humid out for a day this early in the summer, so I work up a sweat again in the process.
    But it looks like Kenta got it worse. When I show up outside class, I spot him, shirt absolutely soaked through, tie missing completely, hair all over the place. Looks like he's arguing with Meiko.
    KENTA: "You can't just hand out space and then take it away. It's unfair. Why my room? Why doesn't anyone else have to move out of their room?"
    MEIKO: "I'm sorry, Kenta, but it's just a misunderstanding. We'll - "
    KENTA: "That's no misunderstanding. I spent half of yesterday and all of this morning undoing all the work I did and dragging everything back to the dorms, and now you change your mind? What didn't I understand?"
    MEIKO: "The misunderstanding was with one of the suppliers, and we needed storage, so I tried to - "
    KENTA: "What is with all these boxed labeled 'Fujiworks' in there anyway? What club is that? Who stole my space?"
    NATSUMI: "Someone said Fujiworks?"
    MEIKO: "That's the supplier. They'll be back tomorrow to take all of the boxes out of your room. I'm sorry, when I told them where to store everything I didn't think there was anything in the basement - "
    KENTA: "It's only my workshop. This is very unfair. Is this supposed to be a joke? If it's a joke I don't understand it. Please explain it."
    NATSUMI: "Meiko's joking about sending those boxes back. Fujiworks? That's the fireworks people. Rumor is, Meiko's planning a secret show..."
    KENTA: "Meiko, you're lying to me?"
    MEIKO: "It's not a lie. There was a miscommunication and I forgot to make the call to cancel the shipment. Once we receive the refund, the boxes will be gone."
    NATSUMI: "Shh, Kenta, you have to pretend to believe her. It's the cover story."
    KENTA: "I don't see why I have to pretend anything."
    NATSUMI: "Giving up your space for a few days is worth it if we get the fireworks back. Or uhhh, I mean, shame about the fireworks, eh Kenta? Eh?"
    KENTA: "Stop elbowing me. What do you want?"
    Meiko takes a deep breath as Kenta and Natsumi temporarily turn on each other, Meiko takes a deep breath.
    Should I butt in? This doesn't look pleasant. I take a single step forward and immediately trip over someone or something zipping by.
    MANA: "Sorry Takeru! I'm gonna be late if I don't hurry, and I've got to find her before I get to class, or this could go really, really bad!"
    TAKERU: "Who are you looking for?"
    MANA: "Your friend on the festival committee, only the most sought-out person in the school, only - "
    MANA: "Ah! M-miss Meiko!"
    MEIKO: "Mana, right? Did you need something from - "
    MANA: "Sorry-for-bothering-you! Um, it says here, on the program for the presentation slots - "
    NATSUMI: "Heyyy, you said you have what now? A program? I didn't know those were printed yet. Who leaked one to you?"
    MANA: "I don't think it's the right program, because, because it says here Takeru and I have half an hour for a performance but we're the supernatural club! We need a booth, we can't perform! Something has to be wrong so - "
    NATSUMI: "Go back a step. Takeru? In the what club now?"
    MANA: "Technically it's a union and not a club, or I think it was a society?"
    MEIKO: "That booking is correct. It came in last minute, but - "
    KENTA: "Excuse me, but it's impolite to ignore people when they're speaking."
    MEIKO: "Kenta, I promise I'll sort this out. Please don't worry about it."
    NATSUMI: "Hear that Kenta? Eh? We shouldn't worry. You know what that means, right? Meiko's got something up her sleeve. Spill the beans, Meiko!"
    I've had about enough of this.
    TAKERU: "Alright, go away. Mana, I'll explain tonight. You're going to be late."
    MANA: "Oh! No! I need to get to the first floor! See you tonight Takeru!"
    I narrowly dodge Mana and back into Kenta.
    KENTA: "Now Takeru's throwing elbows. What's with you people and elbowing this morning?"
    TAKERU: "It's a social cue. You'll also be late Kenta. And fix your shirt."
    KENTA: "Ah yes, thank you."
    TAKERU: "Natsumi the situation about the not-happening you-know-whats is under control. If you read me."
    What I really wanted was an excuse to elbow her.
    NATSUMI: "Ahh, gotcha, chief. I'll leave this job to the expert."
    This leaves just me and Meiko. But she doesn't say anything, just looks right past me and marches into the classroom.
    TAKERU: "Meiko?"
    I follow, but she's headed to the front of the class and I'm forced to drop into my desk next to Natsumi.
    NATSUMI: "Oh come on, what did you buy, like ten seconds? Did you get the details out of her that fast?"
    TAKERU: "It's a work in progress."
    NATSUMI: "It better be. Your elbows are pointy. I think you bruised my rib."
    TAKERU: "Good."
    NATSUMI: "Shh, Meiko's speaking."
    MEIKO: "...so I thank you for bearing with me. I mean, us. Bearing with us, the festival committee."
    MEIKO: "We're only four days away and I'm counting on everyone to help us to the finish line. If you have any questions, as always, I'm here to help."
    Really? Only four days? I don't know why that seems too close for comfort.
    When Meiko returns to her desk, Natsumi again starts talking loudly about fireworks to Hagami behind her, then when she gets only silence and a weird look in return, she tries the guy in front of her instead.
    At least it's easier to ignore her like this.
    
    Meiko does nothing but stare straight ahead all through the morning.
    When the lunch break starts, there are more than a few petitioners wanting Meiko to do this or that for them in the runnup to the festival.
    After she's dealt with them, she meets me at the door.
    MEIKO: "Don't do anything like that again, like what you did this morning."
    TAKERU: "Get rid of Kenta and Natsumi? I wasn't trying to hurt their feelings, you just looked like you could use a - "
    MEIKO: "Don't jump in to defend me like that. I was doing fine."
    You clearly weren't...
    TAKERU: "You're sure?"
    MEIKO: "I was managing."
    TAKERU: "If you say so... I thought you'd mentioned it was all starting to catch up with you, and you haven't been yourself recently, so..."
    MEIKO: "I'm not stressed out, and even if I were, I wouldn't want you to care about that."
    She's glaring at me like that moment we came back from the boathouse ruin, like she's about to blow up again. Instead she just says:
    MEIKO: "Let's go find someplace for lunch."
    
    I'd have preferred to eat indoors today, but we still end up on the roof. The breeze this high up provides some relief from the heat, but it's still an awful day.
    Below, the view of Shizukawa is distorted by a heat haze.
    When Meiko joins me, we eat without speaking, in what's becoming a routine.
    Between the uncomfortable temperature, the tension in her silence, I can't take it. I need to say something. Anything.
    TAKERU: "Everything's coming along with the festival?"
    ...and my stupid brain decides on inane smalltalk.
    MEIKO: "Four more days."
    MEIKO: "The brochures need to be finalized, the last set of vendors needs costing, the students in the first year class need to submit their class project, the gym layout needs approval, and I'm the only one on the committee who seems like they care how anything turns out."
    TAKERU: "And you say you're able to handle all of it..."
    MEIKO: "No I can't. Of course I can't. I feel like I'm trapped all the time and I'm about to boil over. Four more days and maybe this hell will end."
    TAKERU: "Then I don't see what the big deal was if I yelled at Kenta and Mana for you..."
    MEIKO: "They don't know any better. I'm supposed to be supporting them, so they have to see me as a Meiko who doesn't let minor complaints get to her. Meiko is someone that can handle all this responsibility."
    TAKERU: "There's no shame in delegating. If I can do anything - "
    MEIKO: "I don't want you working with me on the festival work any more."
    MEIKO: "I told you before I was only doing it to try to trip you up and undercut you and tie you down with busywork. None of that really appeals to me any more."
    MEIKO: "Even if I still can't stand you."
    TAKERU: "If you can't stand me, then why are we up here again? Didn't you blow off a committee lunch for this?"
    MEIKO: "...Maybe."
    MEIKO: "I don't like being alone. After I went years with no one I could confide in, I think it started affecting me. But since you're here and you already know exactly what a small person I am, there's no harm in telling you everything."
    TAKERU: "Oh."
    TAKERU: "I had sort of thought we were back to normal."
    MEIKO: "We never had a normal. If you mean the way we were that first month at Mirako, well, that was a joke, sniping back and forth at each other... And we can't go back to the way we were when we were kids."
    TAKERU: "Why not?"
    MEIKO: "You can't change the past. What's done is done and even if I understand logically I should be over this, I still feel this intense revulsion when I look at you."
    MEIKO: "Maybe some of that revulsion is revulsion at me, and not you, but..."
    MEIKO: "Maybe it's entirely at me. I don't know. I don't really want to think about it. I would rather be up here than with those tiring student leadership people, or off on my own somewhere."
    TAKERU: "I'm not sure I get it, but I don't mind having you around either."
    TAKERU: "It does feel sometimes like you're looking out for me... Thanks for your help with the supernatural club, getting their room back and performance finalized."
    MEIKO: "It was just a whim."
    TAKERU: "Thanks anyway."
    Meiko sits for a minute, watching some fool down below trying to bike their way up the mountain road.
    MEIKO: "Thanks for dealing with Kenta and the rest of them. I can take care of myself, but... I didn't mind that you helped."
    MEIKO: "Let's head back to class. It's too hot out here anyway."
    
    When the bell finally announces the end to the last tedious, useless class of the day, I'm slow to rise out of my desk.
    There's that ghost club thing today. Would that be held immediately after school? And where?
    And even if I knew when and where this thing was, maybe it would be more convenient to suddenly catch a fever or heatstroke or something.
    My thoughts are interrupted by a GONGG that I place as a clock chime, specifically on the variety that woek me up in that cacophany two mornings ago. 
    Sure enough, I spot him down the hall.
    KENTA: "What were you thinking, just running down the hall like that?"
    MANA: "You're the one that ran into me! Why were you carrying that thing around? You were blind! You couldn't see over it! You couldn't see anything!"
    KENTA: "I knew where I was going."
    MANA: "But what if there were people in front of you?"
    KENTA: "Then it's those people's fault for being in the way."
    TAKERU: "Kenta, are you alright?"
    KENTA: "Hello, good afternoon. I'll be alright but the clockwork here might be damaged."
    TAKERU: "Still moving that stuff, huh?"
    KENTA: "I was until someone ran into me."
    MANA: "You're the one who - "
    TAKERU: "Look, never mind. Kenta I'll you rewind it or whatever needs to be done later."
    KENTA: "Thank you for the offer but I doubt you're qualified. And you..."
    MANA: "Me?"
    KENTA: "You're a very rude person."
    He trundles off down the hall.
    MANA: "Thanks for getting rid of him. What a jerk! Even one more minute looking at his face and I would, I would've..."
    TAKERU: "He's my roommate."
    MANA: "This explains why you look like you're so miserable all the time."
    TAKERU: "I don't think - "
    MANA: "Well the seance will cheer you up! I'm just running home to grab supplies now, but I'll see you at the library."
    TAKERU: "I don't think we ever set a real time, did we?"
    MANA: "When you're in occult circles, that always means the witching hour. Sunset! The time between day and night when magic is most - "
    TAKERU: "Okay, yeah, I get it, see you then."
    
    I try to use the spare time to find Hikari, but it's pointless. All her usual haunts are empty.
    At least, I note, the chessboard and rabbit-shaped teakettle are still in place. The censer, though, is missing. It's either in Mana's personal collection, or else she stole it for tonight's little ceremony. Neither seem like good options.
    Studying is just as useless, even with a cup of Hikari-supplied tea to help concentration.
    Without anything else to do, I wander the old wing, and then eventually find myself on the roof.
    There's still probably another hour before the sun goes down but at least it's started to cool off a bit.
    Still, I probably wouldn't want to be that girl down there, struggling to carry a cardboard box up the hill.
    Then when she takes a turn, I realize it's Mana.
    On this festival season, maybe it's fate that I'm cursed to move heavy objects around for annoying people. I head downstairs.
    TAKERU: "Mana?"
    MANA: "Takeru! You're just who I needed! Can you help with this?"
    TAKERU: "It's the hand I've been dealt, I guess. Sure."
    MANA: "Awesome! Thank you! These are valuable and I'm so worried about them melting in the sun! It'd be a disaster!"
    The box isn't all that heavy, but Mana is happy to let me carry the thing skip alongside me back up to Mirako.
    TAKERU: "What's in here, anyway?"
    MANA: "Arcane ritual implements. Tools. Y'know, things we'll need for the seance."
    TAKERU: "What do you need to perform a seance? Actually, what is a seance, anyway? It sounds sketchy."
    MANA: "Oh, it's a meeting where we all work together andpool together our mystic energy..."
    TAKERU: "Very sketchy."
    MANA: "...and use that mystic energy to speak to the spirits of the dead!"
    TAKERU: "So, talking to dead people. You're not really selling me on the thing."
    MANA: "I don't need to sell you on it if you already agreed to come! Besides, think how fun this will be."
    TAKERU: "Is there anyone in particular you're trying to contact?"
    MANA: "Hmmm..."
    She looks more serious for a moment, but returns to normal.
    MANA: "No, not really. Maybe Hagami will have some ideas. Hagami?"
    We arrive at the library, but Hagami is distracted by the radio. I hear foreign speech coming from its speaker. German? But Hagami pops out the tape when she notices us.
    HAGAMI: "Oh. You're early. Hi."
    TAKERU: "Where do I put this?"
    MANA: "Oh, right, right. Hang on!"
    Mana digs through the layer of papers that have already build up on the table. Among the items she rapidly slides over is the ejected tape. It's familiar, marked "Inori Keiji/Naomi, 1990." It winds up in a shoebox with the rest of the junk.
    MANA: "Here!"
    TAKERU: "Now what all is this stuff? It better not be robes."
    MANA: "Oh don't worry, robes aren't really necessary for a seance."
    MANA: "But Hagami told me how much fun you had with the costumes so I got everything washed. Here you go, this one's yours."
    TAKERU: "Thanks Hagami. You're very considerate."
    HAGAMI: "I try to help."
    MANA: "Here, Sorceror Takeru, please don your robe. We don't have much time until the twilight!"
    TAKERU: "Dammit."
    I pull the magenta potatosacks out of the box while Hagami turns around and pretends to fetch a book to hide her snickering.
    Beneath the robes...
    TAKERU: "Candles?"
    MANA: "Of course! The most important tool for a seance!"
    TAKERU: "Mana, there's about two hundred pink candles in here. Do we really need all these?"
    MANA: "Every last one."
    TAKERU: "You're going to set this place on fire. Is this an excuse to burn down the school?"
    MANA: "It'll be fine! You're the one doing the lighting."
    TAKERU: "Me? You're going to make me do it so I can take the blame when this place is a pile of ash tomorrow?"
    MANA: "Well see, Hagami and I were talking, and I think..."
    MANA: "We were thinking you could be the master of ceremonies tonight."
    TAKERU: "The master of what? You expect me to have any idea what I'm doing?"
    HAGAMI: "The wheel of samsara has spun and you are now a lowly highschool student in this life, but we believe you were a powerful warlock in a past life."
    MANA: "Yeah! It should come naturally."
    TAKERU: "Look, the only thing that's ever come naturally to me is throwing a ball really fast, so unless you think in a past life I was - "
    MANA: "I'll help you out. Hagami, where's the ritual book?"
    Hagami returns from the bookshelf, and I recognize a few of the titles she's carrying. There are a few that we've already sorted through trying to find answers on Hikari, like the Japanese folklore set, plus a few like "Life After Death: Thirty Hypotheses from Experts on World Religions" and "Existentialism and Dreams in our Twilight Years."
    Could be philosophy, or else something that might be sold to the family of terminally ill elderly or something like that. Guides to grieving.
    Of course, Hagami picks the most dubious book of the lot and pushes it towards me. The thing is leatherbound and the title looks like someone tried to pen out the logo of a death metal band in cursive.
    HAGAMI: "Page 43."
    TAKERU: "What even is this? Latin?"
    MANA: "It's almost time! From today's date, sunset should be in exactly two minutes! Hagami, grab the candles."
    HAGAMI: "You mean... this candle?"
    When Hagami turns the box over, the two hundred candles fall out as one giant candle.
    MANA: "What? No! The sun must've melted them all together!"
    TAKERU: "Should we pry them apart or something?"
    MANA: "Not enough time. Let's just light them!"
    Hagami flicks on a lighter with a readiness that scares me.
    TAKERU: "Uhh, don't we have to arrange them?"
    MANA: "It's your call. You're the master of ceremonies. But I think the magic circle will do."
    TAKERU: "What's a magic - "
    But Mana points to a decorated pentagram, about twelve feet in diameter, drawn in chalk on the library floor.
    Standing at the far side, Hagami still has the lighter on.
    TAKERU: "Can you turn that thing off? This is weird enough as is."
    MANA: "No! We need to light the candles!"
    MANA: "One minutes to go! Hagami, light 'em up, I'll turn off the main lights. Takeru, you start reading!"
    TAKERU: "Me?"
    I look to Hagami for help. She's trying so hard not to smile her mouth is a straight line from cheek to cheek.
    TAKERU: "What..."
    HAGAMI: "Page 43."
    TAKERU: "This is..."
    MANA: "Hurry!"
    TAKERU: "V-veritas cogito..."
    TAKERU: "There's only twelve lines here."
    MANA: "That's all we need. Hurry!"
    TAKERU: "Veritas cogito..."
    MANA: "I can't hear. Louder!"
    TAKERU: "Cogito ergo..."
    What is Mana even expecting, anyway?
    If the spirits of the damned don't burst through the library table (now burdened down with a giant flaming supercandle), is she going to be disappointed?
    Just two lines left.
    TAKERU: "...i-in deo speramus..."
    TAKERU: "...deus ex!"
    I slam the awful book shut.
    But I'm met with an even more powerful slam.
    The door is open, seemingly open by an inhuman force. The candle(s) waver in the draft.
    Beyond the door stands a shadow. Ghostly. Grim.
    HIKARI: "Hello, Mirako Supernatural Club."
    HAGAMI: "Hello."
    TAKERU: "Oh please, Hikari."
    MANA: "Wh-wh-wh..."
    Hikari takes a seat at the table while Mana's eyes practically bulge out of her head. I give Hikari an exasperrated look but she has her eyes closed in an attempt to look mysterious. Hagami, of course, doesn't react.
    HIKARI: "My name is Hikari. I'm your fourth club member."
    MANA: "Y-y-you must be... A ghost?"
    HIKARI: "As much it pains me to tell this to you... Yes. You could call me a ghost."
    HAGAMI: "Hello."
    HIKARI: "Hi Hagami."
    That gets a reaction. Two eyebrows from Hagami.
    MANA: "Y-y-you know our names?"
    HIKARI: "You're Mana. The one in that lumpy sack is Takeru."
    HIKARI: "I know more, too. You once stole a chess set out of the tea room in the old wing."
    MANA: "You're amazing! You can see the past? Do you do fortunes too?"
    HIKARI: "Oh I don't know. ...This is turning out to be less amusing than I thought it would be, actually."
    HAGAMI: "Welcome. I'm sure you'll fit in here."
    HIKARI: "Doubtful."
    MANA: "I was kind of hoping for a boy ghost, but..."
    MANA: "It's very nice to meet you, Hikari!"
    HIKARI: "Yes, my pleasure. What exactly is going on with the fire on the table?"
    MANA: "Oh, that's our candle. We were going to put them on the pentagram but Sorceror Takeru decided just the magic circle was good enough.
    HIKARI: "Very... interesting."
    I can't look. No matter how far I bury my face in my hands I know Hikari will never let me forget it.
    HIKARI: "What's the schedule for tonight's meeting? Or were you really trying to summon enough students to have a legitimate club?"
    HAGAMI: "No schedule. We can try again tonight. Research. Like last night."
    HIKARI: "This is pretty rich. The ghost club trying to do ghost research."
    MANA: "Ghost research is Hagami's specialty! I'm more of a hunter specialist myself."
    HIKARI: "Well if you do manage to find out anything useful about me, then I guess I'll have to respect you. And It's not like I have any other options."
    MANA: "I'm not sure I get it?"
    HIKARI: "I told you I might as well be a ghost, right?"
    MANA: "Y-yes, it's very exciting."
    HIKARI: "I'm not quite at hundred percent. No one remembers me more than day. No one sees me, unless I push myself to be heard. It's worsening."
    HIKARI: "Even I don't know what quite went wrong with me. Maybe I shouldn't be here."
    MANA: "Then you're a ghost in need! You came to the right place."
    MANA: "In all these books Hagami's got, we'll definitely find it! Some ghost memory eating demon, or an angel sent back to claim the spirits of the dead, or..."
    HAGAMI: "It isn't worth the effort."
    MANA: "We'll do everything we can to help! You're our fourth club member, aren't you? We look out for each other."
    HIKARI: "Thank you. I feel..."
    Hikari has a small smile that disappears when she catches me watching.
    HIKARI: "Takeru put out that bonfire in the middle of the room before your robe catches fire."
    TAKERU: "Oh, right."
    MANA: "Hagami, how can I help our new club member? This sounds like research!"
    HAGAMI: "We'll find something. Sorceror Takeru and I have a system. Can you find the dictionary set?"
    MANA: "I'm on it."
    HIKARI: "I admit I was not expecting much from the leader of Mirako's crack ghost hunting union or whatever you idiots had down on that paper..."
    MANA: "That was my idea! You like the name?"
    HIKARI: "No. It's imbecilic. But thank you for your help. Hagami, you as well."
    HIKARI: "I'm ashamed, to be honest. I came here to mock you..."
    HIKARI: "Actually I'm overwhelmed."
    HAGAMI: "Here. This the next set of books."
    MANA: "Wow, that one looks complicated. Hikari, you can read this?"
    HIKARI: "If you hold it open for me, maybe, but..."
    MANA: "I'll try! Takeru and Hagami, you guys can start on that other book, and we'll work on this one. We've got two teams!"
    HIKARI: "You're sure about this?"
    MANA: "This is going to be the best supernatural club meeting ever. And..."
    MANA: "I'm sorry, I'm really curious! Are you a second year? What class are you in? And where did you learn fortune telling?"
    HIKARI: "I guess I'm in my second year. Hard to tell, isn't it? And it's not fortune telling. I've met you before, you just..."
    Hagami pushes over a copy of "Ontology, Identity, and Modality: Essays in Metaphysics." We make eye contact, time to start. I open to the table of contents.
    Hikari's book remains open to the second page of the index. They keep chatting, but mostly it seems to be Hikari dodging around Mana's questions.
    No, there wasn't really any bright light. No, palms lines aren't important probably. No, no ghost boys (as far as she knows, don't give up hope).
    But Hagami and I make progress. Over the past two nights the selection in the old library has been dwindling and tonight Hagami cuts it in half, and we're still no closer to finding anything real.
    Hagami''s expression is different though - a gritted smile. Over on the other side of the table, I notice Hikari doesn't look so grim either. It's a nice change.
    Once again, we're out past curfex. The last few candles I missed in the clump went out an hour ago.
    I poke my head out of a hardcover on south Asian spirits and notice that at some point, Hikari slipped away.
    MANA: "I'm so..."
    She yawns.
    MANA: "So sleepy... Too tired..."
    HAGAMI: "There's always tomorrow."
    MANA: "It's all very cloudy... We were looking for something on invisible ghosts? Something... Angels?"
    MANA: "I'm really glad to meet our fourth member though. She's very nice... I think?"
    MANA: "She said she was... First year? That's not right... Is it a bad thing I can't remember?"
    HAGAMI: "You shouldn't worry."
    MANA: "And I can't even remember her name... Ahh this is frustrating!"
    MANA: "I just need to sleep. I'll see you guys tomorrow?"
    HAGAMI: "Yes."
    TAKERU: "Yeah. We'll pick up where we left off."
    MANA: "Goodnight Hagami! Goodnight Takeru!"
    TAKERU: "See you."
    Mana closes the door behind her.
    I rise to leave, then notice Hagami waiting by the exit.
    HAGAMI: "Did you forget?"
    TAKERU: "Her name? No, that's why I - "
    HAGAMI: "Your robes."
    TAKERU: "Oh. Seriously?"
    No way I've been wearing these all night. No way that happened.
    After I take off that formless red sack I definitely didn't wear all evening, I hold the door for Hagami, but I don't expect her to follow.
    But she's still there. Even when I leave Mirako for the road back, she walks by my side again.
    We walk in silence, which isn't unexpected, especially when she has her headphones back on.
    
    The cool night is pleasant after the oppressive day. Across the Shizukawa, the moon illuminates the boathouse ruin.
    The footsteps by my side stop. Hagami has her headphones off.
    TAKERU: "Are you looking at that old place?"
    HAGAMI: "Yes."
    TAKERU: "It's more grim than mysterious now, looking out there, knowing what happened to the place."
    HAGAMI: "No... It's still mysterious."
    TAKERU: "What do you mean?"
    HAGAMI: "Hikari... Her nature... Why we remember her, others don't."
    TAKERU: "You think we'll be able to figure it out in time?"
    HAGAMI: "I've heard a story like this before. I know. We have to look in the right place."
    TAKERU: "Right, we just have to keep looking. I wasn't feeling too good about it last night, but tonight was alright. The research part, I mean, not the seance part - that was a nightmare. But I'm more confident now that we'll find something."
    HAGAMI: "Not me."
    TAKERU: "You're less confident?"
    HAGAMI: "We're out of books."
    TAKERU: "What? But there are tons of books up in there. We've only gone through like twenty or thirty."
    HAGAMI: "Did you not notice?"
    HAGAMI: "The ones tonight... Those books, they weren't related. I didn't really expect to find much."
    HAGAMI: "Maybe I dreamed up this story."
    HAGAMI: "...It could've been nothing."
    We walk in silence again, this time right up to the dormitory doors.
    My stomach is turning. Just when I thought there was a plan and things were back on track...
    Facing each other in the lobby, there's not much left to say.
    HAGAMI: "I'm sorry. I'll do my best to remember."
    TAKERU: "It's not your fault. Thanks again for helping with this."
    KENTA: "You! Good evening."
    TAKERU: "Kenta? Good evening."
    KENTA: "Do you know what time it is?"
    TAKERU: "Not really. Is this a joke because you're collecting clocks now?"
    KENTA: "I never make jokes. You're out late after curfew. Again! I've tried looking the other way but you can't just break rules. Especially when you're coming back with shifty women."
    TAKERU: "Shifty women? This is Hagami. You've met her. You have a damn class with her."
    KENTA: "Oh? Which class?"
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "Computer science. It's your only elective class, so how could it be anything else?"
    TAKERU: "What're you doing down here this late anyway?"
    KENTA: "Placing some bids. Here, look. If I'd seen this automaton clock yesterday I could've ordered it in time to add it to my collection before the festival."
    TAKERU: "Hey Kenta, maybe this is a weird question, but... Do you know anything about book collecting?"
    KENTA: "That's a dull and meaningless hobby for dull and meaningless people. If you're looking to break into the field I have several friends that could get you started."
    TAKERU: "Really? How about books on the paranormal? Know anyone into that sort of thing?"
    KENTA: "I'm offended that you think it would require an expert for a field as dull, meaningless, and childish as that one, if you could call it a field. I'm a generalist but my skills would be more than enough to find the right lots for you."
    TAKERU: "You could really do that for me?"
    KENTA: "Sure. What's your budget, in time and money?"
    TAKERU: "As soon as possible, and I have no money but I'll pay you back in labor by setting up your festival booth."
    KENTA: "You've helped me out for free so far so why should I credit you for moving clocks around starting now?"
    TAKERU: "Watch it or I'll invoice you for services rendered yesterday and before that too."
    KENTA: "Okay, you have no time budget and a very, very limited monetary budget. What specifically do you want? Should I go through my normal booksellers? I sold an antique book on taxidermy to a friend in Osaka that has a collection of odd books, maybe he - "
    TAKERU: "Hagami is the expert."
    HAGAMI: "Um..."
    TAKERU: "Let us know what you think would be most likely to have this description or story or whatever it was that sounded sort of like Hikari. Like an old encyclopedia, or some book that seems familiar. Anything. Kenta will find it."
    KENTA: "I'll try anyway. Let's be quick. It's late already and I have a lot closing in an hour."
    TAKERU: "Got it. Let's get to work."
    
    jump day28
    