label day30:

    I sleep well.
    Maybe those meds are finally doing the trick -- I can't remember the last time I've dreamt of anything, let alone those scenes of the baseball diamond that used to haunt me.
    Or maybe it's that Kenta hasn't woken me up recently, and so I don't remember my dreams. He's not here this morning, either. Without Kenta, the clocks, the frogs, or the zillion other things that used to weird up the room, it's almost like normal people live here.
    Except getting out of bed I step on a piece of precisely-folded paper.
    TAKERU: "Oh now what?"
    It's a grid with today's date at the top and blocked out into half hour chunks. A schedule? Looks like Kenta's penciled in some modifications.
    Today is a half day, and Kenta's labeled every class. But before class starts, and in the entire afternoon afterwards...
    TAKERU: "'Prepare Display Table...' 'Transport Goods...' Is he really preparing for the festival all day?  And that lunatic started at 5:00 AM?"
    TAKERU: "The school can't be open that early, he's nuts..."
    I guess this is Kenta's way of telling me where he went. Why'd he leave it on my
    Putting that mystery aside, I check the clock. It's still early, but there's no chance of getting back to sleep. I passed out last night, but now there's too much on my mind.
    I throw on my clothes and get ready to leave. If I'm early, I can always check what new horrors Kenta is prepping for the festival.
    It's a clear morning, and quiet.
    Unfortunately with Kenta not around, all I've got for company are my own thoughts.
    What I'd like to say is that they're all about how I have a day left to convince Meiko to go ahead with the fireworks display, and that I was hatching some plot to win her over.
    But my thoughts are with Meiko.
    I think I understand her, now, at least a little more. If cancelling the show in return for a moment of silence is the path for to memorialize Hikari, once her best friend...
    It seems unfair to rob her of that moment.
    If I want to preserve Hikari's memory, wouldn't that be for the best? Cancel the fireworks, force everyone to remember the girl they're trying so hard to forget?
    But even that's not what's on my mind. Last night, Meiko said when we were kids, she saw me as a hero figure. If she had asked me what I thought of her back then, I would've said...
    I didn't think of her at all, really. Just another friend among dozens.
    And something in me wants to change that now. I want her to be free of whatever has her on the edge of a nervous breakdown.
    But why am I thinking of that? I need to concentrate on coming up with a plan. Get with it, Takeru. If I can't get this right, Hikari could disappear altogether. I can't let that happen.
    
    But I show up at Mirako with nothing in mind, and with my eyes on the ground.
    It's a bad day to not pay attention where I'm going. Even early in the day, there's a swarm of activity -- students putting up signs, dragging carts to the gym or out to the display area, arriving, rehearsing, chatting, milling, planning... Only 24 hours before festival day.
    But I'm not paying attention so I wander directly into a tall, muscluar person blocking the hall.
    TAKERU: "Sorry, my fault, I wasn't paying - "
    TAKERU: "Kenta!"
    KENTA: "Good morning."
    TAKERU: "Why are you just standing there? You take up like half the hall. Are you just looking for people to stumble into you?"
    KENTA: "Good morning."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    KENTA: "You're supposed to say 'good morning.' I've been told it's impolite to talk about business before greeting someone."
    TAKERU: "Good morning Kenta. Now why are you blocking the hall?"
    KENTA: "I was waiting for you. You were supposed to be here two hours ago. Didn't you get the schedule?"
    TAKERU: "Oh, you left it on my bed. I should've brought it with me I guess but I didn't know you lost it. Did you really schedule all your time today in half hour blocks? That takes some dedication. I don't know why - "
    KENTA: "I have my own schedule. That one was yours!"
    TAKERU: "Wait what? I don't remember making a schedule."
    KENTA: "No, of course you wouldn't have the foresight to do that so I made it for you. You're welcome."
    KENTA: "But you haven't followed any of it! You were supposed to help me set up the display table hours ago. And after that, we had to move the - "
    TAKERU: "You can't just write something up for me like that and expect me to follow it. You would've had to talk to me. And tell me why you thought I'd spend all day getting you set up for the festival. And convince me why waking up at 5:00AM was necessary."
    KENTA: "You'd have to be up earlier than that. That's when the first block starts."
    TAKERU: "Never mind. I'll pitch in where I can but I'm not putting my whole day on hold to work on your clocks. Sorry."
    KENTA: "Then I should mention I have a schedule for us tomorrow on festival day."
    TAKERU: "Us? Schedule yourself but I'm not doing that either."
    KENTA: "I can't man the table all day. It takes shiftwork. Hey, where are you going?"
    TAKERU: "Look, sorry, I have other things to deal with. And class is starting."
    That gets to him, at least. After a quick goodbye, Kenta darts down the hall to his own homeroom while I take a seat in mine.
    Hikari is here, seated in the back. I can tell she notices me enter, because she turns away, pretending to be lost in her headphones.
    Meiko and Natsumi are already there as well, Natsumi talking with the baseball player in front of us, and Meiko sitting in silence, at least until I sit down and she offers half a grin and:
    MEIKO: "Hi."
    TAKERU: "Hey. Good morning."
    MEIKO: "Thanks for bearing with me last night. I'm afraid I probably said too much, so..."
    MEIKO: "It's alright if you'd rather forget that. Let's just... be like we were before."
    TAKERU: "Okay?"
    What we were before? Even more unsure and uncertain of each other was we are now? What's that supposed to mean?
    Before I can ask she walks to the front of the room to go over the schedule for tomorrow at the festival.
    I should probably pay to this, as I've never been to the school festival before and I don't know what to expect, but it's hard to focus. There are excited whispers all around me, and then at the thirty second mark, an elbow in my side.
    NATSUMI: "Earth to Takeru. Earth to Takeru."
    TAKERU: "You don't have to say it right in my ear."
    NATSUMI: "Nothing else seemed to be getting through to you."
    TAKERU: "Take a hint."
    NATSUMI: "Oh stop fooling around. You know I'm fantastic."
    TAKERU: "Not the first word I'd come up with to describe you. What do you want?"
    NATSUMI: "What was that all about, with you and Meiko, about last night, and too much, and all the shy faces, and the - "
    TAKERU: "Don't be stupid."
    NATSUMI: "Fiine. Alright. Next question, a related question... What are your plans for tomorrow?"
    TAKERU: "For the festival?"
    NATSUMI: "Well obviously. You wouldn't dare make other plans on the day of the Mirako school festival."
    TAKERU: "I was thinking I'd come."
    NATSUMI: "Yeah, but what booths are you going to? Got any clubs you're going to check out? Stuff to see? And who with? Who's it gonna be? Who're you watching the fireworks with? Give me three guesses."
    TAKERU: "There aren't any fireworks this year, at least not yet. I'll probably be forced to work with Kenta all day."
    NATSUMI: "Kenta? Really? You'd watch the fireworks with him? I didn't know that was your thing Takeru. I mean he's plenty handsome and I knew you guys were roommates but I didn't think it was something of that nature, like, you need to tell me about these things if - "
    TAKERU: "Stop wiggling your eyebrows like that. I mean he's counting on me for something or other so I'll probably do whatever he wants and stay quiet. I'm not really a 'festival' sort of person."
    NATSUMI: "Sure you are. And I've got a proposal. If you agree I'll leave you alone all day today."
    TAKERU: "You're planning something, then."
    NATSUMI: "Oh it's not much. But Hiyama's in his last year so he's in charge of the fundraiser this year even though I'm the captain, so I've got some wiggle room. And Meiko's not doing anything, so..."
    MEIKO: "Hm?"
    She's returned to her seat.
    MEIKO: "Oh heya Meiko. Takeru agreed he's hanging out with us tomorrow at the festival. Just us three."
    TAKERU: "I told you, Kenta wanted me to - "
    NATSUMI: "Sure, bring your weird roommate along. That guy's great."
    TAKERU: "I'm sure Meiko's busy."
    MEIKO: "I need to speak in the evening. But apart from that, if I've done my job right..."
    NATSUMI: "Meiko, you were just complaining to me earlier that you wouldn't know what to do with yourself. Stick with me and Takeru. We'll have a good time."
    MEIKO: "Alright. I'll do it."
    TAKERU: "Even if you rope Kenta into this, I have a few friend in this club, the uh..."
    MEIKO: "Supernatural club?"
    TAKERU: "Er, yes that. Hagami's performing on piano. It's got nothing to do with the supernatural so you can pick your jaw back up off the floor, Natsumi."
    NATSUMI: "The supernatural club? We've got one of those? You're a member? That quiet girl Natsumi in the back is a member?"
    TAKERU: "Long story, and I'm not explaining it. But I'm watching her perform. That's final."
    NATSUMI: "Okay, cool, we'll work around it. Meiko and Kenta and I will all come too. This'll be great. Swell. Fantastic. Maybe - "
    She's cut off by a glaring Meiko. Kunida's lecture has started.
    ...Not that any of the rest of the class cares. Everyone's too busy whispering about the festival, whether the fireworks will appear or not, who's going with whom, and so on...
    For the second time this morning I'm elbowed in the ribs.
    TAKERU: "Ow. Natsumi if you keep that up you'll bruise my kidneys."
    MEIKO: "Don't look so angry. You know I'm doing you a favor."
    TAKERU: "By getting my attention? Are you trying to tell me to focus on math class?"
    MEIKO: "No, nobody cares about that. I mean... The Legend."
    TAKERU: "Legend?"
    Does this have anything to do with Hikari?
    NATSUMI: "If you see the fireworks reflected in the eyes of your beloved... It's bound to last forever."
    TAKERU: "..."
    TAKERU: "Stop staring at me."
    NATSUMI: "Ha! You looked away first."
    TAKERU: "Stop joking around. There aren't any fireworks this year anyway."
    NATSUMI: "You say that, but..."
    NATSUMI: "What's up with that again, Meiko?"
    MEIKO: "Hm?"
    NATSUMI: "I'm just kidding. Come on, What's with everyone today? The festival's tomorrow. You guys are supposed to be excited! Humor me a little, would you?"
    NATSUMI: "Takeru you look like you're moping around in an existential crisis. Or maybe you've got a bad stomach bug. Can't tell."
    TAKERU: "I thought you said that once I promised I was coming tomorrow, you'd quiet down."
    NATSUMI: "I thought I did! Alright, but you'd both better be looking more cheerful."
    I was looking forward to the festival, at least before I knew there was so much riding on it. I need to talk to Meiko. Everything is moving downhill, toward the fireworks showtime at sunset tomorrow, and my time is running out.
    
    When the final class of the day is over, there's an audible cheer.
    No one heads home. Homeroom is still buzzing with students making plans, heading for their clubs, and there's even one group rehearsing a skit or play or something like that in the corner.
    Me, though... I sit here. Maybe ten minutes go by. I'm trying to think: how should I approach Meiko? What's the strategy? What's the plan?
    I'm asking myself that for the thousandth time when -
    MEIKO: "Hey."
    TAKERU: "Meiko?"
    MEIKO: "Were you doing anything for lunch?"
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    MEIKO: "That's alright. I shouldn't have interrupted you while you were concentrating. I'll see you tomorrow when - "
    TAKERU: "No, I was zoning out, that's all. I'm not busy."
    MEIKO: "Ah."
    She looks relieved, almost a little red in the face.
    TAKERU: "Do you want to try the roof again?"
    MEIKO: "I think so."
    MEIKO: "And... Yesterday, you said you knew about a chess set. It was orange and green. Do you remember that?"
    TAKERU: "Yeah, I know where it is. I'll bring it."
    MEIKO: "We'll meet in a few minutes, then?"
    TAKERU: "Be right there."
    I head out the door, opposite a stream of students coming from up the hall, all carrying tables and chairs and banners and signs and I have to dodge to the right to avoid being run down by the traffic.
    This is a break, though. She's given me an in. Now all I have to do is capitalize.
    I follow the familiar path down to the old wing but my brain is all fuzz. Why can't I think straight?
    There are a million ways I could bring the fireworks up, but I know I only have one shot, so maybe that's why my heart seems to be in my throat.
    But it's no problem to swing by the tea room at least, and pick up the hand-carved chess set that Hikari and I have used for the past few months since I came to Mirako. I can't imagine why Meiko wants it. But at least it's where I remember it, square on the table, and not stolen by Mana or hidden in the library or somewhere stupid.
    I dip into the room, grab it, then do a double take.
    TAKERU: "Hikari?"
    But there's no one there. A breeze from the midday air blows back the curtains, but I'm distinctly alone. There's no one seated in that chair opposite me.
    I tuck the folding board under my arm, head up the stairs past the old library --
    And almost straight into Mana. 
    TAKERU: "Hey! Watch where you're going."
    MANA: "You're the one running up and down the staircase when you should be in the meeting."
    TAKERU: "Meeting? What meeting?"
    MANA: "The Supernatural Club meeting! You're a founding member!"
    TAKERU: "Sorry, I'm a bit busy. I need to run this back to Meiko, and - "
    MANA: "But we've got a booth to run! A festival to plan! This is the day we're supposed to all spend together as a club!"
    TAKERU: "Is that really what we're supposed to do? Are you... You're not scheduling me in to run the club table are you?"
    MANA: "Well we were, until you didn't show up!"
    TAKERU: "I didn't know there was a meeting!"
    MANA: "Right! Exactly! That's why I'm here! Let's go!"
    TAKERU: "Look, Mana, I'm sorry, but I might have other, uh, commitments..."
    MANA: "But you'll come after you're done, won't you?"
    TAKERU: "Let me just drop this off."
    MANA: "Is that the cool wooden box? The one with the checkerboard pattern?"
    TAKERU: "It's a chess board. It folds, out, see, and all the pieces are inside."
    MANA: "Oh! I never knew what it was. I keep bringing it up to the library but someone keeps stealing it. It's very rude."
    TAKERU: "I suspect a ghost."
    MANA: "That must be it! I'm promoting you from Initiate to Ghost Detective in the Mirako Ghosthunter Union and - "
    TAKERU: "Thanks. I'll come by the library as soon as I can, alright?"
    MANA: "Thanks Takeru!"
    
    Strange. I can't find Meiko.
    I thought she'd be on the roof, but there's no one up here. Where else would she be? The staff offices? But I passed those on the way and it didn't look like there was any sort of meeting going on.
    I double back down the stairs and head for the gym. Despite the huge hubbub, she's not here. Plenty of other student council members directing people around, plenty of other students setting up stalls, taping down the floor... But not her.
    Maybe she went downstairs to the tearoom again? But there's nothing in the room but shadows.
    I decide to try the roof one last time before I call this a lost cause and blame Mana for missing her, but my attention is caught by the open door to the piano room.
    I take a few steps in.
    TAKERU: "Odd..."
    The crates of fireworks from Fujiworks are still stored down here. But they've been rearranged, almost completely obscuring the piano. I can hardly get through the door. I set my bag down on the piano stool and get to work aligning the boxes back against the wall, but once I'm fully in the room, nothing else stands out.
    It's just strange. Was someone down here? I don't notice the clipboard with the order form that used to be here.
    MEIKO: "You're late. What're you doing?"
    TAKERU: "Looking for you. Was someone down here going through the fireworks."
    Meiko shrugs.
    MEIKO: "Let's go."
    And she gestures for me to follow.
    
    We end up where I'd expected, the first place I'd looked for her, on the roof of Mirako.
    But neither of us say word. She has her lunch laid out in front of her, but it's untouched.
    The view is as impressive as ever. Down below, a small army of students posts signs, assembles booths, and generally mill around Mirako, preparing for tomorrow.
    And the architect of this controlled chaos is sitting here, in front of me.
    TAKERU: "Hey Meiko."
    MEIKO: "..."
    TAKERU: "I found it. There's always been a piece missing, but this is the chess set you were after, right?"
    MEIKO: "It is. You know, I've been looking for that for a while."
    TAKERU: "It's been floating around the unused wing forever."
    MEIKO: "Maybe I haven't been looking in the right places."
    TAKERU: "You go down there? I don't think I've seen you in that dust palace much."
    MEIKO: "I hate that place. Too many memories."
    I eat in silence. Meiko doesn't touch her food, or do much more than watch the miniature students down below trekking up and down the hill, back and forth across the school grounds.
    This should be my opportunity. There can't be much more than 24 hours until showtime, but I'm struggling to bring up the fireworks. I flubbed it yesterday. So this should be where I put the plan into action, convince Meiko to reschedule, all that...
    There's no plan, of course. I'm better at improvising, that's fine. But every time I take my eyes off the activity down on the ground to look at Meiko, there's some strange catch in my throat. I'm not sure where the adrenaline is coming from. I need to get over this.
    TAKERU: "Meiko - "
    MEIKO: "You're done with lunch?"
    TAKERU: "I wanted to - "
    TAKERU: "Er, yeah, I guess I'm all set."
    MEIKO: "Sorry. I'm short on time. I only have another hour or so until I need to be down there, helping everyone with the preparations. I really should be down there right now, but..."
    TAKERU: "I didn't mean to hold you up."
    MEIKO: "No, thanks for coming."
    MEIKO: "Actually, did you... Do you mind coming with me?"
    TAKERU: "To where? A committee meeting or something? I'm not sure what I'd - "
    MEIKO: "Down to the shrine."
    TAKERU: "Oh."
    MEIKO: "I'm sorry if I'm not being a very good conversational partner. It's hard to think today, now, for some reason. But I don't want to be alone, either."
    TAKERU: "I'll come. Don't worry about. That's why you wanted this chessboard, right?"
    Meiko nods.
    And when she stands, I follow her.
    We wind up out at the back of the school, at the shrine. It's only the second time I've been to this part of the Mirako grounds, the first time being yesterday, when Meiko showed me this place.
    Despite the throng of people milling around the front of the school, there's no one back here. Far in the distance, I spot someone setting up folding chairs in front of an outdoor stage. But that's it. This spot is isolated, a corner of Mirako.
    Meiko takes the chessboard from my hands and places it next to the half-complete memorial, where it rests on the table.
    MEIKO: "Should we lay out the pieces?"
    TAKERU: "What do you mean?"
    MEIKO: "She carved them herself. It was a silly idea, but I thought, maybe if I brought some things of hers out here..."
    She unfolds the board and starts taking out the pieces from within, setting them up as she goes.
    TAKERU: "Won't those blow away?"
    MEIKO: "Here."
    She hands be a bottle labeled 'Cyanoacrylate,' which sounds dubious enough, but then underneath, in more clear language, I notice there's printed 'Superglue.'
    TAKERU: "You want to glue the pieces down? Won't that make the board unplayable?"
    MEIKO: "She's gone. It doesn't matter if her chessboard is unuseable."
    TAKERU: "I guess..."
    I follow her lead and start sticking the pieces to their starting spots. Meiko takes out a set of copper candleholders from her bag and places them in rows behind the shrine.
    It takes a bit of time, but eventually the whole effect starts to come together... The wooden structure with the folding doors, the candles, the chessboard, the stone from the riverbank lying in front... It's not a traditional memorial, to be sure, but it feel meaningful, austere.
    I take a step back to admire it and find Meiko next to me. She doesn't say anything about the shrine itself, just:
    MEIKO: "They're probably wondering where I am."
    TAKERU: "The student council?"
    MEIKO: "Them. Or Mr. Kunida, or the festival committee, or... I don't know. I feel like there are more important things to take care of."
    MEIKO: "I need you to tell me I made the right call."
    TAKERU: "The right call?"
    MEIKO: "Never mind. I overestimated how much this meant to you, I'm sure. Again. Only I've been agonizing over this all day for some reason I just can't place, it'd be unfair to blame you for..."
    She walks over to the table where we've set up the memorial, then sits on an empty end next to it.
    TAKERU: "Are you alright?"
    MEIKO: "I've been better."
    She looks pale. It's only when I'm closer do I see those dark marks under her eyes, the slight wrinkle that reminds of that time she mumbled through her speech to the class. Or when I met her by the dorms that day we went to fetch the grill.
    It's a far cry from how I usually see her: composed, serene, in control. Now even her voice is tired.
    MEIKO: "Just ignore me. I'm sure this makes no sense to you."
    I feel uncomfortable standing while she sits on the makeshift table, but with the shrine there, there isn't a whole lot of room.
    So instead I sit on the opposite side of the table. We're back to back.
    TAKERU: "Look, I get this isn't a great time, I'm sure you're busy and all, but, er..."
    TAKERU: "It's hard to explain why this is important, but it's about the fireworks again."
    MEIKO: "Strange."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    MEIKO: "That's what I was rambling about. Did you pick up on it after all?"
    TAKERU: "No... This has kind of been eating me since last night."
    MEIKO: "Funny. I haven't managed to calm down all of today either. I'm not supposed to be nervous or unsure. It's not who I am."
    MEIKO: "It's all because of this call I made this morning."
    TAKERU: "A phone call? Or a decision?"
    MEIKO: "Both."
    MEIKO: "I called up Fujiworks, to tell them to show up for the fireworks tomorrow. The committee thought it'd be a great surprise ending, student council couldn't make up their minds but signed off anyway, and the principal wasn't pleased..."
    MEIKO: "But I did it though. I shouldn't have."
    MEIKO: "So, now I'm down here. I thought that I need to put in the extra effort for her, if I'm going to let her memory down."
    TAKERU: "Hikari?"
    MEIKO: "Her."
    Why won't you say her name?
    I'm trying to process this but my heartrate is higher than my brainrate. Does this mean I've already done what I came here for? If I left right now, would the fireworks still be on tomorrow?
    But... Meiko's second guessing herself.
    MEIKO: "I feel every day without her. Nobody else does. How is it that you, a transfer student, seem to remember her better than anyone else here that actually knew her? Do they want to move on so much that they, that they..."
    MEIKO: "I think I caved in. Everyone knows Mirako's festival centers around the fireworks. Everyone else on the council just wanted to keep on with the tradition, like nothing happened, and every day, they asked me."
    MEIKO: "And now today I let them do it. And maybe I found her chessboard, but..."
    MEIKO: "A memorial shrine isn't anything. I've betrayed her memory."
    TAKERU: "I think it's the opposite."
    MEIKO: "How?"
    Her breathing behind me comes in short, ragged bursts. For a moment I can feel her tremble.
    TAKERU: "Imagine she's watching somewhere."
    MEIKO: "I hope she's watching over me, up there."
    TAKERU: "What would she want to see, one year after she passed away? A memorial service? Maybe a dedication and then a moment of silence where you'd normally put the firworks?"
    TAKERU: "She never saw them when she was alive. Dedicate the fireworks to her, and let her see them now. And let her see you enjoying them, even if you wish she was still there with you. Hell, maybe she will be."
    The only reply is silence.
    I tried to be helpful for once in my miserable life so no doubt I've managed to offend her and blow the fireworks things at the same time.
    But then... Meiko's not going anywhere. Almost like she fell asleep.
    Finally:
    MEIKO: "I needed to hear that. I'll do it for her."
    She's stopped trying to support herself. All her weight is against me.
    MEIKO "Why do I feel guilty then?"
    TAKERU: "Don't. You're not lettting her down. I think she'd be proud of you."
    MEIKO: "Proud? Don't pretend to know her."
    Against me, I feel her stiffen.
    TAKERU: "I didn't understand it at first, but you were Hikari's friend. Weren't you?"
    MEIKO: "Do not pretend to know her. Friends? I let her down when she was alive. Every second I spend around you I feel like I'm letting her down."
    TAKERU: "What do you mean?"
    MEIKO: "I don't want to say it."
    TAKERU: "That's alright... You're allowed to not trust me. I definitely let you down, when we were kids. Just vanishing, like that."
    MEIKO: "You're bad at this, Takeru. Are you still hung up on that? Of course I trust you. Just sitting here is trusting you. But..."
    She stands up.
    MEIKO: "Maybe that's why I feel guilty."
    MEIKO: "If I can trust you, then maybe I could've trusted her, when she was alive. I shouldn't be allowed to enjoy myself sitting here and doing nothing with you, when there's work to do."
    MEIKO: "I need to justify this whole fireworks decision to the administration. I need to figure out who's going to meet the technician that Fujiworks is sending up tomorrow. Should I get the programs redone? No, probably not. But the stage is - "
    MEIKO: "I need to take care of all that. And instead I spend all my time out here making sure chess pieces are lined up straight. I couldn't even find a photo of her."
    MEIKO: "I'm sorry."
    I stand and face her.
    TAKERU: "The memorial looks good. I'm sure Hikari would appreciate it."
    MEIKO: "I doubt, there's still a lot to be done to make it better, but..."
    MEIKO: "You've made this a lot easier on me. Don't worry about me from here on out. I'll take care of the festival. And then after tomorrow, I can sleep, maybe. Until then there's too much to do."
    MEIKO: "I'll see you."
    TAKERU: "You'll be with me and Natsumi tomorrow, right?"
    MEIKO: "I forgot. I hope so. I think I will."
    TAKERU: "If you're not, Natsumi's going to hunt you down She's relentless."
    MEIKO: "Haha, you're not kidding. Goodbye, Takeru. You showed up at just the right time."
    She walks the path back to Mirako before I have the chance to say anthing. Not that I'm really sure what to say.
    I'm left in front of the shrine for Hikari. This seems like the perfect opportunity for her to jump out from nowhere and start making fun of me, but... nothing. Maybe she's here somewhere trying to get my attention, maybe she isn't. But my only company is my own thoughts.
    The shrine is simple. Is it handmade? The only way to tell for whom it was built is the chessboard now lying in front of it. Every piece is perfectly centered in its own square, but there are only 31 pieces. A knight is missing, where Hikari and I would always use a thimble.
    I wonder if that missing piece bothered Meiko.
    Why is it it's still so hard to talk to her? She says she trusts me, and that she doesn't bear that grudge against me any more, but...
    When I first came to Mirako I thought of her as an anchor, someone I could rely on while I tried to find my bearings. It's bizarre to me to think she could ever feel the same way about me.
    All I can do is frown at the shrine.
    TAKERU: "I could sure use some advice... Hikari, are you there."
    TAKERU: "Guess that was a dumb question."
    TAKERU: "Let's hope Hagami's right about this whole fireworks thing, and then after tomorrow, everything will be back to normal."
    I want the tearoom back. Hikari and I will play some lopsided chess games on her hand-carved set while I talk through the latest news back from class. That's the good news, about the fireworks. Meiko will come through, and Hikari will have her last wish granted after all.
    She'll be watching from a lot closer than Meiko would think.
    I leave the shrine.
    
    The spot Meiko chose for the Hikari memorial is situated off a path leading from Mirako back to an outdoor stage. I can see from here that setup has finally finished, and row upon row of folding chairs are now set up around a raised platform, complete with curtain.
    The path connects to the Mirako school building via the gym. Even though it's been an hour or two since classes let out this Saturday, the gym is absolutely packed with people setting up for the festival.
    Not only are there students in here, but townspeople too, setting up icecream or popcorn stands and other booths that I'd expect at a traditional summer festival, not just a backward's school's cultural day. This is a bigger production than I thought.
    I'm uncomfortable though. It's odd -- I used to love being surrounded by unfamiliar faces when I was at Tohoku, because I was so sure every one of those faces looked at me with admiration, but now the whole place feels uncomfortable.
    Especially when I spot one very familiar face watching me, from only a few meters away.
    TAKERU: "Hikari?"
    HIKARI: "...!"
    She doesn't reply, just ducks behind the nearest group of students.
    TAKERU: "Sorry, excuse me, coming through."
    TAKERU: "Hikari?"
    She's not anywhere in the gym. Maybe outside? Or...
    I've lost her. She could be standing next to me, even, and I wouldn't be able to see her.
    But I have a feeling, and that feeling leads me downstairs, to the tearoom.
    And while it takes a few moments for my eyes to adjust to the dim of the room after the bright flourescents upstairs, the tearoom comes into focus.
    Sure enough, someone is seated at the table. I'm not alone.
    TAKERU: "Hikari? That is you, right?"
    HIKARI: "Who else ever comes down here?"
    TAKERU: "Never mind, it doesn't matter. I've got news. The fireworks show is back on."
    HIKARI: "What?"
    TAKERU: "Meiko changed her mind. I think I helped. I'm not sure how it happened but she's trying to get it all set up."
    HIKARI: "Oh. I suppose I'll enjoy them, but... Why do you have that grin on your face? You look like you've won the lottery, or you're about to be a new father."
    TAKERU: "That's a weird analogy, but I'm obviously thrilled because this means you'll be back to normal. Once you finally see the Mirako fireworks, you'll stop disappearing. You'll be back to normal, if Hagami is right."
    HIKARI: "That's a big 'if.' I don't think her theory is very sound. And what's 'normal,' anyway? That I stop flickering in and out? Everyone starts to see me again? There's no 'normal' when you're already dead. It's all very silly."
    TAKERU: "Maybe they'll start remembering you from day to day."
    HIKARI: "I admit, that would be nice..."
    HIKARI: "Hm. I wonder then. If everyone could see me and know me, what's the difference what happened to me?"
    HIKARI: "Maybe I couldn't use my hands, but, I could come back to Mirako, and be a proper student. Lead a normal life. Do you think that could happen."
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    She's wearing a daydreaming, half-smile.
    HIKARI: "Stop laughing."
    TAKERU: "I'm not laughing."
    HIKARI: "Then what's so funny?"
    TAKERU: "I'm just glad you're happy. You always seem so glum so it's nice to see you excited about something."
    HIKARI: "I'm not excited. Probably nothing will happen. I don't have my hopes up."
    TAKERU: "Whatever you say."
    HIKARI: "And actually I'm annoyed. I was planning offering another learning game of chess, but you're coming here from gluing all the pieces to my own board. What was that for?"
    TAKERU: "What? You were there? You saw that?"
    HIKARI: "Of course I did."
    TAKERU: "Why didn't you say anything?"
    HIKARI: "You wouldn't have seen me even if I did try to get your attention."
    HIKARI: "Why don't you go find some nail polish remover, unstick the pieces, and bring that board back here so we can use it?"
    TAKERU: "I don't keep nail polish remover on me."
    HIKARI: "Then that's even more unforgivable. You're going to damage the paint job, doing stupid things like that. What were you thinking?"
    TAKERU: "Are you really going to badger me about setting up your own memorial?"
    HIKARI: "Yes. It's silly and sentimental. You shouldn't have let yourself been talked into it."
    TAKERU: "Maybe not, but - "
    TAKERU: "Hey, hang on, are we just going to gloss over the fact that you have a memorial here in the first place? And it's Meiko who's constructing it?"
    HIKARI: "What's so weird about that? She was my classmate, and she's the class rep now. You could say that kind of thing is her job."
    TAKERU: "You know it wasn't just another job to her."
    HIKARI: "Do I?"
    TAKERU: "You've obviously been stalking me all day."
    HIKARI: "Hrmph. Fine. So what if I tail you around? It's not like you do anything interesting anyway."
    TAKERU: "And, when I was trying to convince Meiko to show the fireworks... It would've helped if I'd known you two were best friends. For a month now I thought you two were mortal enemies."
    TAKERU: "And that's why you were always cagey about her, but wanted to know what she was up to. And that's why Meiko never mentioned you. If I'd known you two were clos, then this thing would've been a whole lot easier."
    HIKARI: "We didn't see eye to eye."
    TAKERU: "She said that at one point, you two were best friends."
    HIKARI: "We weren't."
    TAKERU: "Meiko's lying?"
    HIKARI: "No, but she didn't tell you the truth."
    TAKERU: "Hikari, it's a day before the festival. I think the fireworks are happening. It looks like Meiko made the decision on her own."
    TAKERU: "It seems like forever that I've been trying to sort everything out and figure out how to stop you from vanishing into thin air... And, you haven't actually told me what actually happened?"
    HIKARI: "Nothing happened. I told you, I was a small-minded, stupid person and I caused an accident that ended in my death. That's the important part."
    TAKERU: "But what Meiko was saying... And from what I saw last night..."
    HIKARI: "Last night, by the Shizukawa..."
    TAKERU: "You were really there?"
    TAKERU: "I chased after you. I tried calling for you but you didn't answer. I tripped and fell into the river."
    HIKARI: "I was never there, Takeru. I don't know what you saw. Maybe it was a memory. I think your imagination is running away with you."
    TAKERU: "Then tell me the truth. I think I've gone through enough trouble for you that I deserve that, at least."
    HIKARI: "It won't change anything."
    TAKERU: "That doesn't matter."
    HIKARI: "...Well, maybe it'll stop you from falling into rivers chasing after memories that aren't even there."
    HIKARI: "If I tell you this, will you prommise not to make fun of me?"
    TAKERU: "Have I ever?"
    HIKARI: "Just promise me. And promise you'll stay away from that spot on the Shizukawa."
    TAKERU: "I don't have any reason to go there. So... Alright. Let's just be honest with each other. Tell me what you wanted to say."
    HIKARI: "Thank you. Then... This isn't a long story. But it is profoundly idiotic. So, please, bear with me."
    
    I'm almost used to this feeling.
    It's the feeling of viewing someone else's story through someone else's mind. It's the sensation of deja vu, standing here in an old tearoom in the Mirako basement, even though the time is a year earlier and the earthly Takeru won't set foot here for another twelve months.
    It's the feeling of being an observer even though I have full control. I could leave the room this instant, wander around Mirako... but I stay.
    I'm not longer the one seated at the table. Hikari is still there at the opposite side, but the one sitting in my place is a girl, another first-year, struggling at chess with Hikari even worse than me...
    Meiko. It's not hard to recognize her, only a year younger. The tension in her face as she considers her moves, that's the same as the Meiko I know, but when she looks at Hikari, there's something of a carefree, easygoing smile that I haven't seen since we were children.
    MEIKO: "Ah. I see. It doesn't matter what I do this turn. You'll win no matter where I move."
    HIKARI: "Mhm. When you lost that rook, three moves ago, the game was solved."
    MEIKO: "Haha, maybe I'll get you next time."
    HIKARI: "Not if you keep making blunders. Let's go back and undo your last moves. Maybe you can squeeze out."
    MEIKO: "I'm sorry. I don't remember how the board was set up."
    HIKARI: "Here. You moved a bishop before this, and a knight before that..."
    There are a few oddities about this scene.
    I'm not used to Hikari using her hands. Seeing her move is own pieces is so alien. I've always been the one playing both sides of the board that seeing her tiny hands pluck up and reset the pieces strikes me as bizarre.
    Though... It's odd. There are a few minor knicks on her fingers and a bandage on her wrist. It's a far cry from the twisted and offcenter shape I know from after the fire, I don't understand why she'd have all those cuts.
    The answer becomes obvious, though, as Hikari waits for Meiko to reconsider her position on the chessboard. While Meiko works through one position and then the next, Hikari takes out a knife. It looks sharp, efficient, practical, with a blade about three quarters the length of the handle and gleaming in the faint light from the window.
    It's a woodcarving knife. While I watch, Hikari whittles down an inch high block of wood held in her left hand. I hadn't noticed it before, but woodshavings dot the floor by Hikari's chair, and her side of the table is covered in a thin dust of shavings.
    Meiko takes back a move she was considering, and then picks up... A thimble?
    Ah. I recognize it now. This is the same hand-carved chess set that Hikari made, but before it was finished. Only half of the pieces are finished, and there's no knight on Meiko's side. That's what Hikari is holding. She's crafting it into the final shape.
    HIKARI: "You can't move that knight. He's covering a spot on the right column that I need for checkmate, and if you do that, you'll lose."
    MEIKO: "Oh. I think I see it..."
    MEIKO: "How do you take in all that information? Aren't you concentrated on carving?"
    HIKARI: "I am now, but, it's obvious. And I noticed twenty minutes ago, so it's not so hard."
    MEIKO: "Then I'm not sure how to escape. I think you've won, either way."
    Hikari puts down the unpainted knight and surveys the board.
    HIKARI: "...Maybe. Well, you've come a long way that you're able to know that."
    MEIKO: "Haha. You're a good teacher."
    HIKARI: "If I were a good teacher, you'd have beaten me already."
    HIKARI: "Here. But at least the set is done now. What do you think?"
    Hikari removes the thimble from the board and places the wooden piece from her hand.
    MEIKO: "Are you finally done with the set?"
    HIKARI: "I think. Does it look alright?"
    MEIKO: "It looks like all the others. It's a bit cute."
    HIKARI: "Knights aren't supposed to be cute. They're supposed to look clever and utilitarian."
    MEIKO: "I'd settle for a knight that looks like a horse. You're very talented, Hikari."
    HIKARI: "Then, um..."
    HIKARI: "I'd like you to keep this."
    MEIKO: "Keep what?"
    HIKARI: "The board. The chess set. It's a gift from me. I need to paint this one knight, but that'll only take day. It's done."
    MEIKO: "I don't know if I can accept that. It's a beautiful thing, and I don't have anything to give you in return."
    HIKARI: "It's a gift. You're not supposed to do anything in return."
    MEIKO: "Maybe, but..."
    HIKARI: "Never mind."
    There's a few seconds of awkward silence. I'm not sure how to read the distance between these two, but I catch Meiko glancing at the door.
    HIKARI: "I have one other thing."
    MEIKO: "Another... what? I'm not sure I understand."
    HIKARI: "The school festival is in two weeks. Isn't it?"
    MEIKO: "Of course."
    HIKARI: "Then I um... Well..."
    MEIKO: "Hikari, I'm sorry if I took your spot on the festival planning committee. If I'd known you'd wanted it that badly I'd never run. You have so many experience I don't and you've lived in this town for so much longer that I'm sure you'd be a better - "
    HIKARI: "That's not it."
    HIKARI: "I don't care who's on the committee or not."
    But I notice Hikari's hands form into balls. On her right index finger, the tension causes a previously healed cut to shed a single drop of blood.
    HIKARI: "I want you to have this."
    MEIKO: "That?"
    HIKARI: "It's, um, well... It's supposed to be a rose."
    The object Hikari is holding in her outstretched hand is wooden, almost six inches from end to tip. It's a flower, a rose maybe, carved out of a single branch of beechwood. While unfinished, there's a certain beauty to the raw material, and to the clear craftsmanship of the piece, each petal and ridge defined by precise cut and groove.
    But as Meiko studies that wooden flower, the frown lines in her face are even more intense than those she displayed searching for a way out of the checkmate.
    MEIKO: "A rose?"
    HIKARI: "Yes. It's only a flower, but... I figured..."
    HIKARI: "There's only two weeks until the Mirako fireworks. I used to go to the show as a girl, but I've never watched as a student at Mirako. And the students have this legend, it's a silly thing really, but the legend, well..."
    HIKARI: "Never mind. I've always, sort of, kind of, admired the fireworks up there. Like flowers blooming in the sky. Flowers down here on earth are more mundage. They grow and then they rot and die. So I thought I'd give you a wooden flower. It'd be a bit more permanent. Then you'd..."
    MEIKO: "I don't know what you mean."
    HIKARI: "This will be your first year at Mirako. You'll watch the fireworks. I, um.."
    HIKARI: "Come watch them with me."
    HIKARI: "I want to look up at the sky, at the flowers blooming and fading in the sky, and, next to me, I want to hold the hand of someone, who, who..."
    She's trembling. Even as Hikari offers the wooden rose out to Meiko in those small, nicked and scarred hands, she's shaking. Even her voice is tenuous, petering off.
    Meiko just stares.
    MEIKO: "Oh."
    HIKARI: "And I um, I want that person, to be..."
    MEIKO: "Oh, you don't mean me, do you?"
    HIKARI: "I want that person to be... Well..."
    MEIKO: "That's a very pretty carving, Hikari. It'd make a very romantic gift, especially with the fireworks festival coming up, if you give it to a boy who'd understand how symbolic that would be."
    MEIKO: "But, really, in the end... Isn't that the sort of thing you'd give to a boy? Or a boy would give to you?"
    If I thought I'd see Hikari flustered before, it's nothing compared now to the amount of red in her face. Her Mirako uniform clings to her chest. With each half second heartbeat interval, I see it flutter.
    HIKARI: "It's the sort of gift you'd receive from a boyfriend, or give to a girlfriend, or..."
    HIKARI: "I don't care. I want to give this to you."
    HIKARI: "I can't think of anyone else I'd want to spend that night with. It could be the two of us, under the stars, flowers exploding in the sky, and maybe, together we could..."
    MEIKO: "I'm flattered, but I think maybe that's a gift for someone else."
    HIKARI: "...and together, we could..."
    HIKARI: "...we..."
    MEIKO: "I'll see you around."
    HIKARI: "This is yours. Here. I made it for you."
    MEIKO: "I don't want to be harsh, Hikari, but maybe that's the sort of gift you'd give a boy."
    MEIKO: "Goodbye."
    Meiko leaves.
    The only occupant of the room is now Hikari.
    In her left hand, she holds the carved rose. In her right, she holds the carving knife, all three inches gleaming malevolently in the afternoon light.
    Hikari's eyes are closed, but her mouth is moving. I'm trying to pick up the individual words when I'm almost hit by a petal. I dodge to the left, then take cover in the doorway. Hikari is pressing down with her thumb against the rose, shattering off one petal then the next as the flower is destroyed.
    HIKARI: "Stupid, stupid, stupid..."
    HIKARI: "Why do you even try this? Do you like embarassing yourself? You idiot. Idiot, idiot, idiot."
    With each syllable, another petal snaps off the carving and ricochets around the room.
    HIKARI: "Idiot, idiot, idiot. What did you expect? You can think about everything else logically, so why can't you think of her that way? Stupid, stupid, stupid."
    The rose is out of petals. It's just a dowel, a wooden cylinder lying discard in a cloud of shavings. Hikari's gaze is fixed on the table.
    I want to sit down, to talk to her, but I'm a coward. This place is a memory, a spot where I'm no allowed to interfere.
    HIKARI: "Stupid, stupid, stupid..."
    She's looking now at the empty hand where the stem used to be.
    HIKARI: "I hate you. You're tactless. Perverse. Delusional. You're not allowed to be happy you're so dumb. Stupid."
    It's like she's still carving. But there's no piece of wood in her hands.
    Then why, with each slice in the carving knife, is there a noise, like, a tearing, something - 
    HIKARI: "Imbecile. Idiot. Dolt. Stupid. Hate you. Why can't you be normal? Normal! Stupid, stupid, stupid...!"
    And with each spoke word, there's a tear through space. The flash of the knife.
    While there may not be any wood in her hands I understand that Hikari is still cutting and that wounded look on her face isn't just an emotional state it's a physical one and one induced by the actions of her right hand against her left and soon her left against her right.
    The scars and spots I noticed earlier are evolving to become the pattern of misshapen tendons and crooked digits that me the Takeru in the present could see, preventing the Hikari I know from so much as moving her pieces across the gameboard.
    Except instead of white scars, what she's doing now, carving into her own hands, are red streaks where split skin and severed tendons mar that white flesh and her hands stiffen, convulse - 
    HIAKRI: "You idiot. Idiot. Idiot! Think. Think! Think next time. I hate you. I hate you so much. Why can't I have been someone else? Anyone. Anyone else?"
    
    Those spoken words give way. Until they synchronize only with the tick of the clock. And I regonize that clock to be the one in the Mirako tearoom, counting down the final day to the festival, in the present.
    And the girl that sits before me... She may have her hands obscured, partially under the table, but the terrible white scars and off-center alignment I thought had to be a result of the fire...
    They match one to one, exactly, with the paths through the air of that precision knife I witnessed, ripping through the air at Hikari's own fingers.
    Then I'm the one sitting at the table. And the one staring at Hiikari's warped fingers. Which she now hides under the table.
    HIKARI: "You promissed."
    TAKERU: "Huh?"
    HIKARI: "You said you wouldn't make fun of me."
    TAKERU: "I'm not making fun of you."
    HIKARI: "You want to laugh. I can see it in your face. Admit it."
    TAKERU: "I don't. I..."
    There's a thousand things I'm feeling at once. More than anything I want to reassure the frail, shivering girl across from me that I'm on her side but I don't know how to do that, and all I have left are my words.
    TAKERU: "Your hands. Are you alright?"
    HIKARI: "These?"
    She raises her palms.
    They're a far cry from the hands I saw gripping the carving knife, expertly carving out the last knight from a hunk of wood. The pinky is twisted in her left. On her right, there's a white groove on the index finger. The ring finger doesn't straighten... Just hangs off at an angle.
    HIKARI: "You can see why they thought it was a suicide."
    TAKERU: "You did that."
    HIKARI: "To myself."
    TAKERU: "I thought the fire injured you. Or because you were a ghost, you couldn't touch anything."
    HIKARI: "But you knew I've taken back that chess set from when your friend Mana stole it. I've interacted with the real world so many ways that you haven't noticed. Even if half my fingers don't work right..."
    TAKERU: "You're a ghost. It'd make sense if you couldn't touch anything."
    HIKARI: "Yes, that would make sense, but..."
    HIKARI: "Hold out your hand."
    TAKERU: "Here."
    HIKARI: "...Alright."
    I have my misgivings against offering my handshake to someone I know to be a ghost. I keep my eyes on the floor, head downturned. But against my palm, still, I feel nothing.
    Even when I look up, Hikari has her hands behind her back.
    HIKARI: "See. You don't trust me."
    TAKERU: "That's not it at all."
    HIKARI: "You think I don't exist."
    TAKERU: "Then why not prove yourself?"
    HIKARI: "Yes, I'll offer proof of my existence to you, who would think I'm a fraud either way. I thought you promised you wouldn't laugh at me."
    TAKERU: "I did."
    HIKARI: "But you're still laughing inside, at how pathetic I am."
    TAKERU: "I'm not."
    We sit face to face, in this now silent room.
    I hate it. I've tried to do my best for her, but Hikari's expression is still something tremulous and fearful, like even sitting across from me is terrifying.
    HIKARI: "You look thunderstruck."
    HIKARI: "You saw more than I meant to tell, I suppose. What was it?"
    TAKERU "I saw you, and a chess set, and a wooden rose, and er..."
    HIKARI: "Then you did see me for who I am. Didn't you? That's why you won't look me in the eye."
    TAKERU: "I just didn't expect that..."
    TAKERU: "You're into girls."
    HIKARI: "Ha! You're worried about that?"
    TAKERU: "It's not true? You didn't think of Meiko like she was, like she..."
    It's unnerving to me. I've always sympathized with Hikari. I felt like I've been following her footsteps. Could we be the same then, when it comes to her? Meiko?"
    HIKARI: "You're hung up on the wrong things. I'm not like that."
    TAKERU: "What's that supposed to mean? The way I saw it, you had a pretty big thing for her. Am I going crazy? That's what I saw, that almost a year ago, you confessed to her, that you - "
    HIKARI: "No. You idiot. I'm not 'into girls.' You say it like it's so crass. I was in love with Meiko."
    TAKERU: "You... What?"
    HIKARI: "Who wouldn't be? She was bright, humble, everyone's friend, cool under pressure, ambitious, charming, mysterious, kind, and I never once got the feeling that it was my family name that counted to her like it did to everyone else."
    HIKARI: "I was Hikari to her. I didn't need to be Miura Hikari."
    HIKARI: "And Takeru, if you have a problem with that, you tell me right now, because that's the end of our relationship. I challenge you. You tell me, without a doubt, that you've ever admired or loved a person as purely as I did back then, and I'd gladly die again for it."
    HIKARI: "Go on. Tell me. I'm weird or unnatural. But I'll never deny who I am."
    TAKERU: "Never. I'd never do that."
    HIKARI: "Tell me."
    Did she expect me to respond with hostility? Mistrust? Because it's nothing like what I'm feeling.
    It's more... A surge of respect. That Hikari is finally facing me with fire in her eyes, challenging me, not with her hands behind her back her back and not dodging me or my questions.
    She's facing me with the truth. And there are a thousand gears locking into place in my head now: why neither Hikari nor Meiko were willing to give a straight account of one another, why Hikari has always seemed to have such a second-hand interest in Meiko, why Meiko would feel such a crushing guilt over Hikari's apparent suicide...
    HIKARI: "You're not saying anything."
    TAKERU: "Sorry. I, er..."
    Hikari stands across the table from me. I'm not sure what I should I do. It's like my body moves of its own accord, but I rise.
    HIKARI: "Mmph! Takeru! Stop smothering me."
    TAKERU: "I'm proud of you."
    She's warm and small under my arms. There's a few moments, just seconds, where I feel a heartbeat against my chest. And then she pulls away.
    HIKARI: "What was that for?"
    TAKERU: "I'm not sure. I'm just... glad you trusted me enough to tell the truth. I've been dancing around ten different peoples' versions of events and it's never really made sense, but now I think..."
    TAKERU: "I get where you're coming from. I feel like I finally know you."
    HIKARI: "Hrmph."
    She crosses her arms but I notice she's blushing.
    HIKARI: "I'm not sure what impression you got of me but just because I was in love with one girl, at one specific point time doesn't mean I'm not your average second-year highschool student. I'm not the same person I was then."
    TAKERU: "Meiko isn't important to you?"
    HIKARI: "A whole year has passed. She's forgotten who I even was. She's changed."
    TAKERU: "Hikari... She's setting up a memorial on the back path. She was about to cancel the fireworks for you. I don't think it's fair to say - "
    HIKARI: "Then maybe I've changed."
    HIKARI: "A year and some perspective will do that to you."
    And she looks down at her hands. Scar tissue runs back and across her fingers. Her index finger curls a degree... then straightens.
    TAKERU: "Wait... You're really there. When I held, you, didn't I feel - "
    HIKARI: "When you jumped on me, you mean? Idiot."
    TAKERU: "I thought this whole time, you weren't really there. Like not physically, some one I could touch."
    HIKARI: "I didn't think so either."
    TAKERU: "Do you think it means something that you're back?"
    HIKARI: "No. Everything's meaningless, this probably is too."
    The next moment is silent.
    Just as soon as I thought for a chance that I was talking to someone physical, a real corporeal human being...
    That space in front of me becomes empty. Only a voice is left.
    HIKARI: "I think your friend Hagami is wrong and her theory is baseless."
    HIKARI: "But, if maybe, I wound up back here for a chance to see the fireworks before I left for good... I wouldn't mind watching them with you."
    HIKARI: "Good night."
    And I'm left staring at nothing but my shadow against the wall.
    I stay there for a few minutes, until I become self-conscious of my own hands. I run my fingertips against the tendons of my left index finger, just below the skin.
    I open and close my hands.
    I can't imagine losing the ability to do that. Or losing the ability to communicate with the rest of the world. It'd change anyone.
    The Hikari who was here just now, and the Hikari that Meiko knew... It'd be hard to call them the same person.
    
    It's hard to tell how long I spent in the tea room.
    It seems whenever I start seeing those memories that aren't mine, I lose all sense of time. Regardless, the sun is down when I exit the room. The windows are dark, and the only light is from the overhead flourescents halfway down the hall.
    Up above, I can still hear footsteps of students running back and forth for last-minute festival preparations, coming from the floor above. This wing, however, is abandoned as ever. Even Kenta's workshop is empty (thankfully).
    I don't know why I feel anxious. But I can't shake the feeling the next 24 hours will change everything: Fireworks, or no fireworks? Hikari, or no Hikari?
    I'm almost out the Mirako front doors when I realize a curious lightness around my shoulder...
    My bag.
    I double back to the tea room, then the classroom, but of course, no luck. I must've put it down someplace when I was looking all over for Meiko.
    Right. I set it down in the piano room when I was trying to clear the way in.
    This time when I arrive in the old wing, crates aren't blocking the door. The door is just shut. That's new.
    Hagami?
    I listen for a few moments. Silence.
    Then I listen for a few more.
    Silence.
    Of course, with how quietly she apparently practices it's not like this is a useful exercise. I'll just have to knock.
    TAKERU: "Anyone home?"
    Nothing. Guess I spent two minutes listening outside an empty room like an idiot.
    But when I push open the door, Hagami is sitting on the piano stool, looking right at me. Or rather looking right through me.
    TAKERU: "Hello?"
    HAGAMI: "You should shut the door."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    HAGAMI: "You're coming in."
    HAGAMI: "...Aren't you?"
    TAKERU: "Right. Sorry."
    TAKERU: "I left my bag in here, I think. Yeah, it's over by the box. I'll grab it and, er..."
    She hasn't told me to get lost yet, and she isn't isn't looking very talkative either. With the door closed it feels like she wanted me for something, and she has an eyebrow raised.
    HAGAMI: "You missed the meeting."
    TAKERU: "Meeting?"
    HAGAMI: "Mana wanted you there. About the supernatural club."
    Oh. I completely forgot.
    TAKERU: "Dammit. I'll have to make it up to her. Did you decide on anything important? Do you need me to do anything tomorrow?"
    HAGAMI: "Not especially."
    HAGAMI: "She'll be fine. And... I won't be available most of the day either."
    TAKERU: "Right. Your performance."
    I take a seat on the crate next to my bag.
    TAKERU: "Is your practice going well?"
    TAKERU: "Have you done this before? Performed in front of a bunch of people?"
    HAGAMI: "I hardly remember it."
    HAGAMI: "...I knew what I was doing back then too."
    HAGAMI: "This isn't going to end well."
    TAKERU: "I'm sure you'll be fine."
    HAGAMI: "You don't understand. You shouldn't..."
    HAGAMI: "You can't tell, but this... I can hardly sleep."
    HAGAMI: "What will Mana say?"
    TAKERU: "She seems pretty happy about it. She was so excited you were going to do a recital I think she'll be thrilled even if you didn't get every note perfect."
    I have no experience with music. I can't exactly give her tips. Hagami is reclusive around even a single person she doesn't know. She has to be nervous about a crowd.
    Hagami's eyes still aren't focusing. I want to help her, I really do, but I'm not sure what I can offer. When I was in my first year at Tohoku, what would I have wanted to hear, before I started my first game?
    I gulp. Time to dredge up some more memories I really wish would just disappear.
    TAKERU: "I don't think I ever had stagefright, but it used to be that the unfamiliar would trip me up."
    TAKERU: "You know, I walked the first two guys I faced, my first game for Tohoku.. I think I probably sweat through my hat too. One more ball and I think Jun would've taken me out."
    TAKERU: "There was a good six months since I'd pitched for real in the junior league. I didn't used to get nerves before then, but when people that weren't my parents were actually showing up to watch our games, it was a little different."
    HAGAMI: "I got over it once before. When I was little, I used to do this all the time. I didn't notice people then."
    TAKERU: "Yeah. You shut it out."
    HAGAMI: "It's like a trance."
    TAKERU: "There are pitchers that are strategy masters and they have a pitch for every situation, and they go through plans with the catcher for every count, and..."
    TAKERU: "I'm not a genius like that though. I'd just find a rhythm and throw hard. When I was done sweating that game, I struck the next three guys out and ended the inning."
    TAKERU: "Once you get your feet you'll be fine. The way Mana was talking, she said you were really good. I trust you and I trust her."
    HAGAMI: "You shouldn't."
    TAKERU: "She's not trustworthy?"
    HAGAMI: "She us, but... She knew me before all this."
    HAGAMI: "I'm no genius either. I wasn't a child prodigy. I could be the best in the world, even better than my mother -- didn't you hear her on those recordings? -- and still, I'd..."
    HAGAMI: "I'd be stuck like this forever."
    HAGAMI: "I got over my fear of you, and that was exhilirating, so I thought, this last fear, I'd be fine, but it's not working, and tomorrow..."
        TAKERU: "I'm sure it'll..."
    No, I'm definitely useless. Hagami's eyes are unfocused again. I'm not sure she caught half of what I was saying.
    Then with a dry laugh she turns back to the piano, puts her fingers to the keys, and plays eight chords, one after the other. I might not be musically literate, but it doesn't sound random to me. It sounds fine, for the five seconds she's actually playing.
    HAGAMI: "I'll live. I'll hate myself but I'll live. This isn't important."
    HAGAMI: "There's something else."
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    HAGAMI: "Something I need to tell you. That's why I called you in."
    TAKERU: "You called me in? I thought - "
    TAKERU: "Never mind. What's up?"
    HAGAMI: "Hikari."
    TAKERU: "Oh. I don't think I thanked you. Something clicked with Meiko, and the fireworks are back on, and while I think Hikari would never admit it, she's really grateful to you for spending all this time researching and trying to understand what was going on."
    TAKERU: "It's funny. Whenever the show tomorrow came up, she'd look so optimistic, even if she said she didn't buy your theory."
    HAGAMI: "It's wrong."
    TAKERU: "Er... What? The theory?"
    Hagami shuffles through a pile of books on the floor. I recognize some foreign philosophy textbook from upstairs, and there's sheet music mixed in at the bottom. Finally she comes up with that binder with the French title.
    TAKERU: "That's the opera, right?"
    HAGAMI: "La Dame Blanche."
    TAKERU: "Right, the one with the character that's whatever Hikari is, who dies, but then at the ball, she comes back when..."
    I slow down and then trail off. Hagami slowly shakes her head, staring at my feet.
    HAGAMI: "It's wrong."
    TAKERU: "How can it be wrong? It's fiction, right? It can't be factually wrong, it's just made up."
    HAGAMI: "That's not the plot."
    TAKERU: "Wait, you said it was something like Giselle dies but she's engaged, so she comes back, dances, and then regains her memories. You mean..."
    HAGAMI: "Giselle is a universal character. Common in tragedies. This one shows up all over. Short stories, lots of romantic ones, every Chekov story with a ghost. Operas too, and ballets, not just La Dame Blanche. Sylphide has one. Swan Lake too."
    TAKERU: "One what?"
    HAGAMI: "It's hard to describe in one word. The spurned heroine who..."
    HAGAMI: "In La Dame Blanche, Giselle is engaged to Albrecht. Then she dies. Albrecht forgets her. Albrecht is engaged to the villainess, Bathilde."
    TAKERU: "Right, that's what you said earlier. Was that not what really happens?"
    HAGAMI: "It is. But the ending..."
    HAGAMI: "They forget each other. Ghostly Giselle is bitter but Albrecht moves on. At the midnight ball, they dance."
    TAKERU: "And Albrecht recognizes her? Everyone's memory is supposed to come back."
    HAGAMI: "Yes. Her old fiance recognizes her."
    TAKERU: "I don't understand then. What's wrong?"
    HAGAMI: "He recognizes her in that last moment, and then the ghost vanishes from the earth. Giselle is just... gone."
    HAGAMI: "She moves on to the afterlife, bitter and laughing. Albrecht remembers his old love and he's heartbroken. He kills himself. Drowns."
    HAGAMI: "It's a tragedy. Giselle is punished for staying in the mortal world by watching her fiance remarry. Albrecht is punished for forgetting Giselle by remembering her at midnight and his new marriage is cursed. There's no happy ending."
    HAGAMI: "The universal character I think I saw in Hikari is the bitter, forgotten ghost. That's her archetype."
    TAKERU: "No way. That's not Hikari. Why would you think she's some fictional supercharacter?"
    HAGAMI: "There's one other universal concept. Not a character this time."
    Hagami's eyes are closed now. But they open now, and she asks a question.
    HAGAMI: "Have you heard of limbo?"
    TAKERU: "Sure. It's like, er... A waiting room? Is that right? If you're not good or evil, and someone up there decides?"
    HAGAMI: "Depends."
    HAGAMI: "It's universal. Ancient Greeks thought it was a field. In Jewish books it's just darkness. The Jains believed it too."
    HAGAMI: "It's always a place where the dead go to forget and to be forgotten. They forget their life on earth, and it's the role of those still on earth to wish them well, move on, forget. That..."
    HAGAMI: "It's all I could find. I didn't want to have bad news. That's what I honestly believe though. That Hikari is fading because she's slowly started to realizing the unfilled dreams that tied her to earth."
    HAGAMI: "That you can see her and talk with her..."
    HAGAMI: "It's tragedy. A divine joke."
    TAKERU: "What are you talking about? This is about the opposite of what you said yesterday. Was that a lie? Was this whole opera thing of yours a fairy tale?"
    Hagami's eyes are wild. I realize I must be speaking too loudly, but I'm somewhere between angry and frightened, mostly frightened.
    HAGAMI: "I apologize."
    HAGAMI: "I wanted to tell this to you alone. I didn't want her to be there, and it sort of... went out of control."
    HAGAMI: "I'm a coward. I can't tell someone to their face."
    TAKERU: "Hikari..."
    TAKERU: "What will happen? The show is back on for tomorrow. What'll happen to Hikari?"
    HAGAMI: "I still believe the last thing she ever wanted on earth was to watch the Mirako fireworks with someone she cared for, like an average student living an average life."
    HAGAMI: "But after that..."
    HAGAMI: "In the opera, In the real ending, after the ball... Giselle is gone. Or if you're religious, once you free yourself from the world, you're free to..."
    HAGAMI: "I'm sorry. I think she'll be gone."
    TAKERU: "I don't believe it."
    TAKERU: "How can you sound so confident about this?"
    HAGAMI: "I'm not."
    HAGAMI: "I did everything I could, but..."
    HAGAMI: "Every school of thought in the world has something to day about death and life after death. I'm just one small, insignificant, person."
    TAKERU: "Right. Okay. Give me a minute."
    I'm trying to imagine losing Hikari. Would everyday life be different? I can't see that far ahead. All I know is that there's a real possibility that something I say tomorrow, even today, could be the last thing I ever say to her.
    Why is that so terrifying?
    I realize I'm the one zoning out now. I'm staring at a point about a thousand yards beyond Hagami. She blushes, then starts paging through La Dame Blanche again.
    HAGAMI: "I can't solve it. There's so little I can do."
    TAKERU: "No. Don't blame yourself. I asked you to do this and you did your best. Thanks for being honest."
    HAGAMI: "I tried to do what I thought was best."
    TAKERU: "I get it."
    HAGAMI: "If I'm being honest, there's one other thing."
    HAGAMI: "I'm worried."
    TAKERU: "It can't be worse, right?"
    HAGAMI: "Bathilde, in the opera. She's made out to be the villain, but I've never understood."
    HAGAMI: "She's engaged to Albrecht. With Giselle gone, they're the only ones there for each other. But when Albrecht remembers Giselle, and Giselle disappears, Albrecht drowns himself in the lake. There's no happy ending for her either."
    TAKERU: "Well you even said it's a tragedy."
    HAGAMI: "It's so pointless."
    HAGAMI: "I don't know why. Even if Bathilde is the villain, I sympathize with her."
    TAKERU: "What's that supposed to mean?"
    HAGAMI: "She's a bystander in all the supernatural conflict that goes on. The romance of the story is between the hero and the heroine. She's just... there. At the end of the story, the main characters are two wound up in their own lives to see her."
    HAGAMI: "She doesn't even get a real ending. The play ends with Albrecht's suicide. Who knows what happens to Bathilde? What made her feeling less real than Giselle's?"
    HAGAMI: "...Sorry. This must be boring you. You try but I know books aren't your thing."
    I'm completely lost.
    HAGAMI: "Can you tell Hikari?"
    TAKERU: "Tell her what? You're really hard to understand sometimes."
    HAGAMI: "Tell her there might not be a way out, and if the fireworks are as important as you say..."
    HAGAMI: "Make your peace. Just in case."
    HAGAMI: "I don't know what you think of Hikari, but please..."
    HAGAMI: "Stay here."
    TAKERU: "I'm not throwing myself into a lake, if that's what you're talking about."
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "Hey, I'm sorry if I don't really get it. It's a lot to take in, and I'm supposed to let Hikari know that tomorrow's probably less rosy than I thought."
    TAKERU: "This is a headache..."
    And something in my stomach feels wound up as well."
    TAKERU: "I'll stop complaining, I can do that. You probably have a lot more to deal with than me anyway. You've got your performance."
    TAKERU: "Sorry if I distracted you, and thanks again for going through those books with us when I know you could've been practicing."
    HAGAMI: "I'd do it all over again. Even if the result was..."
    TAKERU: "I'll see you tomorrow, I guess. I should just go home."
    HAGAMI: "You'll talk to Hikari?"
    TAKERU: "If I run into her, I will. I don't know. I just want to think. Bye and good luck tomorrow."
    I wait for a reply, but Hagami just turns away. After a few seconds, she sighs.
    HAGAMI: "Goodbye."
    I try to smile at her on my way out, but I'm so frustrated it probably just turned into a grimace.
    With the door shut behind me, I stare into the darkened hall.
    Hikari isn't here.
    Thankfully.
    I pray she wasn't listened to that conversation. What would I even say if I she was watching now? Hi Hikari, you're probably dead for real this time tomorrow, so, see you later?
    No wonder Hagami didn't want to say anything.
    I walk lightly through Mirako's halls. But the shadows are just shadows, and while I stay alert, there's no sign of Hikari and I pass through the main gates.
    The moon's visible in the dim sky.
    Only this afternoon, I was looking forward to this festival. Even Hikari, as distraught as she was, couldn't help smiling when I told her the Mirako fireworks would return. She tried to hide it.
    So what do I do? I could put on my cynic's armor and tell Hikari it's hopeless tomorrow. I don't really feel like it. I can't be pessimistic when she's only now start to trust me and hope there might be a future for her.
    When I come to the bridge, I stop. The waterfront ruin is still there, but it's less foreboding tonight, more familiar.
    My frustration turns to a strange kind of determination. This doesn't change anything.
    Hikari was prepared to just dissipate into the evening air, without warning, with just the tiniest sniff to mark she had ever been here.
    I'm just her hapless, makeshift friend. If Hikari can have that kind of resolve, then I'd be a lousy friend indeed if I couldn't do it myself.
    I'll tell her tomorrow, but it won't change anything.
    Now in the worst case, she'll get that one wish she had on earth. It doesn't matter to me what Hagami or her stories have to say. The fireworks are tomorrow night. We'll enjoy them, together, whatever happens next be damned.
    
    jump day31
    