label d15_meiko:

    The field, though, is crowded. Every seat is filled with visitors from Mirako, and it looks like the entire student body is camped on the grass. We enter with the last stragglers as the principal takes the stage and starts delivering his speech.
    MANA: "Where were we set up again?"
    TAKERU: "Don't look at me, I was only there ten minutes. Look for Meiko or Kenta or someone."
    HAGAMI: "There?"
    TAKERU: "Good eyes."
    TAKERU: "Hey! Natsumi!"
    NATSUMI: "Yo, Kenta, they're back!"
    NATSUMI: "Hey Takeru."
    KENTA: "Quiet down, will you? The principal is speaking."
    NATSUMI: "Who cares? Two minutes until the fireworks start!"
    The whole place is buzzing, despite the principal's slow, halting words about Mirako values or something over the loudspeaker. None of the groups around us are paying any attention to him at all.
    There's only one problem -- Kenta and Natsumi are here, but...
    TAKERU: "Have either of you seen Meiko?"
    KENTA: "Not me."
    NATSUMI: "She was here a few minutes ago. Did she slip off? She said she had to give a speech but everyone knows that we're going to have the fireworks show instead of the student council talking at us. See, the game is up!"
    She points to the side of the field where two men in Fujiworks hardhats are walking out to a dark shape by the treeline.
    NATSUMI: "They've been setting up! People are starting to catch on, and the principal keeps hinting about it."
    TAKERU: "Did you see where Meiko went? Kenta?"
    KENTA: "If she was giving a speech, she'd be going towards the stage, obviously."
    TAKERU: "She's not - "
    TAKERU: "Never mind. Hikari, you haven't seen her?"
    HIKARI: "Hang on."
    Her eyes are fixed on the sky. It looks like the principal is finally done speaking, and there's cheering from the assembled students.
    HIKARI: "Any minute..."
    MANA: "Are they starting yet? When do they start?"
    A stage technician comes out from behind stage to grab the mic, and orchestral music replaces the principal over the loudspeakers.
    Everyone has their head craned upwards, now. Everyone but me. I do my best to scan the crowd from our spot on the blanket, but it's fully dark by now, and if she's backstage, I wouldn't be able to spot Meiko at all.
    I'm distracted by a low pop.
    MANA: "There - "
    Then a boom echoes around the valley, a flash lights the air, and a white ring fills the sky.
    NATSUMI: "Woohoo!"
    MANA: "First one!"
    HIKARI: "Finally..."
    Four spheres of blues and purples follow the white ring, and then concentric red stars.
    Along with the rest of the audience, Mana, Hikari, Kenta, and Natsumi cheer in front of me. Another flash throws their outlines into contrasts with the illuminate sky.
    And still, I'm back here try to use the momentary light to pick up faces in the crowd. Did Meiko bail out? Was she really heading for the stage? Could she have gotten lost on her way back?
    MANA: "Look! Wow, Kenta, did you see that?"
    HIKARI: "Beautiful..."
    I try to shake it off and just enjoy the show with everyone else. The next firework hangs in the air, hisses and crackles, then fades in a glow of orange streamers. There's more applause, and my friends in front of me join in, so why...
    I feel out of place. Why is that?
    Like there's someplace I should be that isn't here. Between the flashes, I duck start walking away from the stage, towards Mirako. I crouch down to try not to get in the way of the rows and rows of students I pass, and finally I'm on the path.
    I'm grateful for the crackling and booming overhead. With each explosion, the valley reverberates and the sky lights up, letting me see my way. I just the flashes didn't ruin my night vision completely... When the fireworks are slient, the path is dark.
    It's not too far from here to my destination, if I could only see properly. Three white diamonds burst and flash in the sky, and I jump over a root at the last minute...
    ...only to hit a rock and fall flat on my face. I grunt.
    Somewhere, footsteps. A blue sphere crackles overhead, and in the brief light, I see a shape, moving towards me.
    MEIKO: "Takeru?"
    TAKERU: "Ow."
    MEIKO: "Here."
    She lends me a hand, and I rise and dust myself off. We both turn around a moment to face the fireworks.
    MEIKO: "What are you doing out here?"
    TAKERU: "I was coming to ask you that."
    MEIKO: "If you knew this is where I was headed... then you already knew the answer, didn't you?"
    TAKERU: "It was a guess."
    The shrine is only a few feet away. With a lull in the fireworks, the two candles framing the chessboard are the only light. I follow Meiko as she walks over.
    There's silence for a few seconds until four star-shaped bursts go up, all white, then another row of yellow. With each boom, the mountains beyond Mirako are illuminated by the explosion in the sky. The echo isn't only from the school behind us, but from the whole valley.
    MEIKO: "She would've loved this."
    TAKERU: "I'm sure Hikari's watching from somewhere."
    MEIKO: "You sound so confident about it that... I guess that's what I'll believe too."
    Another firework goes off, this one in the shape of a diamond latticed with lingering bursts of red and white. Hikari's shrine stands in relief.
    MEIKO: "Here."
    TAKERU: "What is this?"
    MEIKO: "It's a sparkler. They were her favorite. Has it really been a year, since I was standing right here with her?"
    Meiko lights my sparkler, and I stare at the center until it burns into my eyes. In the background, the music from the stage speakers continues, muffled, punctuated by the bursts overhead.
    MEIKO: "You can go back and watch with everyone else if you like. I'd feel terrible if you missed the fireworks just to check on me."
    TAKERU: "I can see them fine from here, anyway. Why don't you come back and watch the show with the rest of us?"
    MEIKO: "I'd rather no one see me like this."
    I don't see anything wrong with her. There's a smile on her face, although, Meiko's head hangs low and her eyes are closed, but... No, that really isn't like the Meiko she always tries to present, head high, shoulders straight.
    Our sparklers go out, and she looks up.
    MEIKO: "It's very strange to me, Takeru, how you seem to know her so well when everyone else here is trying so hard to forget."
    TAKERU: "It's..."
    MEIKO: "You don't need to say anything. Because you're right, I know it, she must be watching. I'm happy."
    MEIKO: "I don't know. I'm happy because I think I made the right call, or at least you and I made the right call. There's not a day that goes by that I don't miss her, but I think the fireworks are so much better than any eulogy I could hope to give."
    In another burst of momentary light, I see she's turned to face me.
    MEIKO: "You're really going to watch the whole thing from here?"
    TAKERU: "If you're not coming back, I don't have a choice."
    Meiko laughs and pushes back her hair.
    MEIKO: "Careful. You know that legend that Natsumi's always going on about."
    TAKERU: "Screw Natsumi."
    MEIKO: "Agreed., but..."
    MEIKO: "I'll come back then. Or we could watch from here."
    TAKERU: "It really doesn't matter to me."
    ...Except it does. Back at the field, with Kenta and Natsumi cheering, and everyone elbow to elbow watching the sky... or out here, Meiko and me, with the sound muffled but still with a perfect view above the trees?
    Somewhere in the distance, there's a boom, and yellow streamers light up the night air.
    TAKERU: "Then we'll stay."
    MEIKO: "That's playing with fire. If we watch from back here I might do something stupid. Let's head back."
    TAKERU: "If you really want to..."
    Oh well. I take a step down the path when I feel a hand on my arm, holding me back.
    MEIKO: "I changed my mind."
    There's a flash, and I catch something strange in her eyes, but then the light is gone. And in the dark, I don't see her, but I feel her, her chest against mine, her arms around my back. Meiko? Her head rests on my shoulder.
    There's a moment I hug her back in dazed giddiness, but then that's all replaced with an acute panic. We take a step back, and with another crash above us, her face is lit up in front of me. Meiko looks just as confused as me, and about as red in the face as I've ever seen her. She's pretty much the same height as me, so we're eye to eye.
    Meiko takes another few steps backwards and then starts talking in a jumble.
    MEIKO: "I'm sorry about that, um, but I did say I was going to do something a bit ill-advised, but, um, I think I had the order on this all mixed up..."
    TAKERU: "That's fine. I sort of confused too."
    MEIKO: "Um, hang on, if you'll listen for a minute... I did have something prepared for this, I swear. Just, in the moment..."
    MEIKO: "Alright."
    She takes a few breaths, and in the moment, my mind bouncing up and down between my head and chest at a hundred miles per hour. It's fast, out of control, and I don't have a rational response but to stand there with my heart working at double speed.
    MEIKO: "Ahem. Takeru, I think it must've been yesterday, or, um a couple days before that, but..."
    MEIKO: "Dammit. I did try to practice this, you know, so don't judge too harshly."
    MEIKO: "Anyway, I finally realized why I was so focused on sabotaging you when you first came here. I thought it must've been because you know what I'm really like, or that I never forgave you for running away when you left for Tohoku... I wondered, I wondered and wondered at first."
    MEIKO: "When we were growing up, it was you with your baseball dream, and me just confused and wandering. Then, you show up here, after all these years, and you're lost, and everyone thinks I'm the one with my whole life planned out and these ambitions I'm working towards..."
    MEIKO: "So when you came here, and you knew no one, didn't know what to do with yourself... I felt that. That was me! And it sort of still is. I couldn't stand that we were so similar, or that I... That's why I kept making things difficult for you."
    MEIKO: "And that, um..."
    MEIKO: "I had a huge crush on you in middle school. You had to have known that."
    Another series of crashes and flashes and lights overhead. I don't know what I expected to see on her face, but she's wearing that serene smile.
    TAKERU: "I guessed it, but... I didn't really think about you that much back then. I was an idiot as a kid."
    MEIKO: "That's fine. You were the big baseball star, so of course you didn't notice me. I'm sure there were a thousand other girls that felt the way I did."
    MEIKO: "No, what got me was that when you showed back up, after I spent years trying to become someone else to spite you, that... I still felt the same way that I did as a girl. I still do now!"
    MEIKO: "Can you imagine that? I'm supposed to be the enforcer on the student council, the class rep, on the fast track to a good school in Tokyo, but as soon as my old crush comes back, it's like I'm in middle school again."
    MEIKO: "I hated you for that. Hated you! Enough that I was so petty to you, and I signed you up for all this work, when..."
    MEIKO: "I'm sorry, I've gotten way off script."
    Three blue spheres shoot up and linger, hanging in the air and cascading down in a shower of sparks.
    Come on, Takeru, speak up. This is where I should say something but I feel like I've just lost about 50 IQ points.
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    TAKERU: "Thanks."
    MEIKO: "What?"
    TAKERU: "When you got me to help with the festival work, or put me into all those study sessions, I don't think that was mean of you. Even if you were trying to sabotage me, that's fine."
    TAKERU: "I didn't know anyone at Mirako and just seeing a familiar face every day was a huge help. Sometimes I still feel out of place here, but if it weren't for you I think I'd be watching the fireworks alone right now."
    TAKERU: "It was a huge comfort that I had you, and that you knew what you were doing. So... thanks."
    Right. Isn't there something more I need to say? Just now, from Meiko, that was some sort of confession of feelings, wasn't it? I didn't completely miss her intent?
    Okay, think. What exactly do I think of Meiko? A friend, right? No. Do I have romantic feelings for her or not? I hadn't really considered it, but... That'd all make sense. Dammit. I wish the world would stop spinning all over the place so I could actually think straight.
    MEIKO: "I'm really sorry about any trouble I caused with that, Takeru, but... I don't really know what I'm doing either. Don't you get it?"
    MEIKO: "All this council stuff, the study sessions... What I'm saying is, I'm just as lost as you were, and you're the only person in the world that I feel like I can say that to."
    TAKERU: "I hate to break this to you but I have no clue what I'm doing and mostly I'm not any less lost or aimless than I was on day one. Meeting you all has been great, but in the long run..."
    MEIKO: "That's what I'm saying!"
    Another burst lights up her face. Meiko seems calm now, and she's still beaming ear to ear.
    MEIKO: "Let's do this together. Your first day here, that's what I saw, that... That we were in the same boat, this whole time. Um, what I guess I'm trying to say is... is that I really like you, and I want to figure the future out together, you and me. What do you say?"
    Meiko puts out her arm as if to shake hands.
    And I'm left standing there the fireworks, staring like an idiot, paralyzed by my own stupidity. If anyone is supposed to know how I'm supposed to feel, it should be me, right? I'm pretty sure my IQ has bottomed out by this point and I'm braindead.
    Meiko has been a guardian to me, sometimes, usually just a friend, and then most recently, a source of confusion and that weird deja vu that she must be thinking what I'm thinking.
    I think what that must be is a sense of understanding. It's the perspective I didn't have back then, and I could've never gained without meeting her a second time. This is a second chance. Even if I can't figure out what the hell is going on in my own head, I have to go for it.
    TAKERU: "I'll take you up on that one. If you're willing to bear with me. I know I'm a bit of an idiot, but... I don't regret any of the time I've spent with you and I couldn't ask for a better friend."
    I take her hand, and Meiko laughs and starts talking in a rush.
    MEIKO: "Don't worry if you think you're not, um, well, what I'm trying to say is, that, I couldn't even get the order right, so - "
    TAKERU: "Doesn't matter."
    I don't know if she's mumbling or I'm just too jittery to parse it, but either way, I just embrace her again to shut her up.
    Now the only sound is the quiet music from the stage and occassional boom overhead. There's a series of diamonds lighting up the sky, first a row of white, then red, the blue. The finale must be coming soon.
    Meiko watches next to me. My old friend Meiko. Well, more than a friend now. As up above the sky flashes blue, purple, red white, speed building, she squeezes my hand. Maybe it was a handshake before but now it's me clinging to her, her clinging to me.
    And with one last salvo, the orchestra stops. 
    Funny. There's nowhere I'd rather be than here.
    
    I'm not sure how much time passes. Without the fireworks, the night is still. And dark. The shrine candles are the only light and I can barely make out Meiko's face next to mine.
    For some reason we look at each other at the same time. I don't know what kind of face I'm making but Meiko immediately steps away and laughs.
    MEIKO: "You would never believe that was planned."
    TAKERU: "Er... No."
    Although I guess that's not what she wanted to hear. Meiko stares for a moment.
    TAKERU: "I mean, it was very romantic."
    MEIKO: "Ah don't worry about it..."
    But she's not looking at me.
    TAKERU: "Should we go find Natsumi and the rest? Everyone will probably start heading this way before too long anyway."
    MEIKO: "Maybe. Give me a few minutes. There's one last step."
    Meiko pulls something out of her pocket. The shape is unidentifiable until she brings it towards the shrine candlelight.
    TAKERU: "Is that... That's the other green knight. Where did you...?"
    I stop talking and take a few steps back. After placing the knight on the chessboard with the rest of pieces, Meiko closes her eyes and looks up into the now empty night. It's been quite the evening, so I should give her some time alone with Hikari.
    No sooner do I think the name then there's a whisper in my ear.
    HIKARI: "Hello again."
    TAKERU: "Hikari, holy - "
    HIKARI: "Keep your voice down."
    TAKERU: "How long have you been standing there listening in? Did you seriously... What are you doing here?"
    HIKARI: "I caught most of that with Meiko. It was very sweet."
    TAKERU: "...!"
    HIKARI: "Stop blushing and start listening to sense. I don't think I have much time left."
    TAKERU: "Sorry."
    HIKARI: "There's probably only a couple minutes to work with, so listen carefully..."
    HIKARI: "Look at me. Do you notice anything strange?"
    I try to look at her, but the most I catch in the near-dark is the glint of her eyes and a flutter of white hair.
    TAKERU: "Where are you?"
    HIKARI: "Nowhere. I'm letting go."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    HIKARI: "I've done what I could. Today was amazing, but even Meiko is letting go, right now. No regrets, Takeru. That's what it's about."
    TAKERU: "But..."
    HIKARI: "What I want to say is... Look out for her."
    TAKERU: "I'm not in a position to look after anyone. Meiko's twice the person I could hope to - "
    HIKARI: "I understand now. I asked too much of a poor first-year girl who couldn't understand her own feelings, let alone mine. She cared about me, and I cared about her, but, in a way she'd never be able to return."
    HIKARI: "I didn't mean to get sentimental on you Takeru, but I'm trying to pass this mantle to you."
    HIKARI: "While I was alive, maybe I left some things unfinished, and I never got the ending I wanted. Tonight I've wrapped up some of my loose ends, but I'm passing the rest to you. You have a responsiblitiy now."
    HIKARI: "Look out for yourself. Look out for Meiko. I wanted some rose-tinted grand purpose in my life, but I was willing to settle for the fireworks. But you're not allowed to let your purpose out of your sight. You've got to try for... something perfect."
    TAKERU: "Hikari!"
    I half-shout, half-whisper her name into the night, but I can't spot her anywhere now. All I can hear is the glimmer of her voice in my mind. When I realize it's pointless to try to spot her, I stand still and try to listen, but I feel each second tick by until I'm sure she must be gone.
    TAKERU: "Hikari, I think I get it, but, you've got to hold on, just a second, please..."
    HIKARI: "Don't give up. I'm sure I'll be seeing you one of these days, so when we meet again... Don't let me down. Don't forget me."
    In silence, something flickers out.
    In my blindness, it takes me a few seconds to realize the candles at the shrine a few yard behind me are no longer lit, and the darkness is so total that I can hardly see a foot in front of me.
    I'm busy trying to find my own outstretched hand in the dark when I almost run into MEiko.
    TAKERU: "Ah! Sorry."
    MEIKO: "Thanks for waiting. Hikari and I were very close and all, so... I thought I'd tell her the good news, and maybe after all this time she can get some rest. I'm sorry if that seemed strange."
    TAKERU: "I've heard of stranger..."
    MEIKO: "You can be very cryptic when you want to be. Did you know that?"
    TAKERU: "Er, you can just ignore me. It's been a long day."
    MEIKO: "For me, too. Although..."
    The only light is what filters down from the now cloudy sky, but I can still catch the outline of her face as Meiko smiles and takes a step closer.
    MEIKO: "I can't remember being this happy for a long time. Even a bittersweet happiness, I'll take it tonight."
    TAKERU: "I..."
    Although I'm terrified I'm sounding like an idiot, Hikari's words start coming out of my mouth.
    TAKERU: "I'll look out for you."
    MEIKO: "No."
    MEIKO: "We'll look out for each other."
