label d15_hikari:

    As we pass the shrine that Meiko set up, Hikari falls back to walk beside me.
    HIKARI: "Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Hikari... Hey."
    TAKERU: "Have you been tailing me all day?"
    HIKARI: "What else was I supposed to do? It looks like you had a decent festival, anyway."
    HIKARI: "I still can't believe you put up a shrine."
    TAKERU: "That was Meiko's doing."
    HIKARI: "Very thoughtful of her..."
    TAKERU: "Er..."
    TAKERU: "You are looking forward to the fireworks, right?"
    HIKARI: "Of course."
    TAKERU: "Meiko will be there. I know you say everyone's forgotten you, but she obviously hasn't. What do you think she'll - "
    HIKARI: "I don't want to think about it. There's more on my mind."
    TAKERU: "Right."
    Probably it's the chance of imminent disappearance that's weighing her down. She has to know.
    NATSUMI: "Hey! Takeru, Mana, over here! And hey, is that Hagami? Welcome back."
    MANA: "Natsumi! Hello!"
    NATSUMI: "Took you long enough."
    KENTA: "The fireworks are about to start. You're very lucky, Takeru. Next time try to be more timely."
    TAKERU: "Where's Meiko?"
    Natsumi points to the stage as we all take our seats on the blanket.
    Meiko is up at the microphone, that student council guy with the glasses trying to plug it in. It's truly night, now. The stage spotlights illuminate the platform, but the rest of the field is shadowed. It's a good thing I remembered where we were sitting.
    NATSUMI: "The principal already spoke, so this is it. Then... Boom."
    She pantomimes an explosion with her hands.
    NATSUMI: "Takeru, Mana, you're new to the Mirako festival fireworks, so hold on to your seats. Aside from the baseball team, this the best thing about this backcountry school. Get ready!"
    Natsumi turns around when Meiko taps on the mic, and the sound reverberates around the field.
    MEIKO: "Hello?"
    MEIKO: "Ah. Thank you all for coming out to Mirako today. My name is Kotaru Meiko, a member of the student council and head of the student festival organizing committee."
    MEIKO: "To our visitors, we're glad to have you and hope you enjoyed what our school has to offer. To our students, thank you for working so hard for today."
    Good old Meiko, addressing hundreds of people as this were just another day in homeroom.
    MEIKO: "I hope you've all enjoyed this day as much as I've enjoyed working with you all to set it up."
    MEIKO: "To wrap up the festivities, we'd originally planned to say a few words this year instead of our usual Mirako tradition. That's what's printed on your programs now. To that effect I'd - "
    Something catches in her throat and for a moment I swear she's looking our way. Hikari beside me gives a little jump.
    MEIKO: "I'd like to say..."
    MEIKO: "There's nothing I could say that would be more interesting than fireworks. As is tradition, the show will continue. Here's to a wonderful year so far and many more to come. Enjoy the night."
    Short and to the point. The crowd applauds, but I notice Meiko steps off the stage on the far side, rather than walking towards us.
    I'm soon distracted, however, by a bursting noise back in the treeline, and then overhead... The fireworks.
    An upbeat orchestral song starts playing over the speaker system, but it's nothing to compete with the echoing blasts in the sky.
    At first, the designs are simple. Concentric circles, showers of stars... The fizzing orange streamers that shoot off in all directions with a satisfying crackle. Then in time with drums on the background track, four stars go off, first in yellow, then white, then violet and blue.
    It's impressive. Not so much because of the quality of the fireworks, but because of the intimacy. I can remember seeing a much bigger show at a Tanabata festival in Sendai, but that was for tens of thousands of people. This show is for Mirako only.
    Four more star-shaped bursts go up, all white this time, then another row of all yellow. With each boom, the mountains beyond Mirako are illuminated by the explosion in the sky. The echo isn't only from the school behind us, but from the whole valley.
    Another firework goes off, this one in the shape of a diamond latticed with lingering bursts of red and white.
    MANA: "Wow..."
    NATSUMI: "I told you."
    I have to admit. It's breathtaking.
    TAKERU: "I can't believe they were going to cancel this..."
    TAKERU: "Hikari, what do you think - "
    I turn, but...
    TAKERU: "Hikari?"
    KENTA: "Takeru, quiet down."
    TAKERU: "Where'd she... Kenta, did you see where Hikari..."
    TAKERU: "Never mind."
    KENTA: "Where are you going?"
    TAKERU: "Be right back."

    I wish I knew where I was going. The light from the fireworks occasionally lights my path, but the darkness is thick only a small ways from the stage.
    And more importantly, I don't where to go. I just need to find Hikari. There's no way she just went up in smoke like that, without a single word, ten seconds into something she'd looked forward to for a year.
    TAKERU: "Please let her have just run off again, please..."
    I'm jogging back towards Mirako, not really because I think Hikari might have gone this way, but more out of reflex.
    WHUNK.
    I swear my head makes a hollow sounds as I smack into a tree. Getting back up, I try to navigate by the flashes of light from the sky above, to some success. At least I manage to find the trail.
    Should I shout for her? Calling Hikari's name out here is probably going to attract the wrong kind of attention. Will she even be listening?
    ...Is she even out here?
    The background track fades out this far from the field, and all I can hear now is the resounding boom that comes with each flash in the sky. It's the only light. Then... I see two red pinpricks in the distance.
    I jump back at first, but of course, it's not some rabid red-eyed animal. Those are lights, candles in fact... From the shrine.
    Careful to avoid tripping over and loose dirt or roots, I draw closer. One of the candles disappears for a moment, and I realize it's because someone or something moved in front of it.
    It has to be her. Hikari's there. She has to still be here.
    Only a few yards away now, I can see an outline by the candlight. With another boom, the sky is lit white and I can see her standing in front of me.
    TAKERU: "Hikari! It really is you."
    HIKARI: "You chased me all the way out here? Can't you take a hint?"
    TAKERU: "If you didn't want me wandering all over looking for you, you shouldn't have stuck around for the performance in the piano room."
    HIKARI: "I couldn't help it. Sorry. I got too attached so - "
    She's interrupted when the sky turns white and there's more thundering in the sky above. I take the moment to close the distance to the shrine, and thankfully, she doesn't run away. Instead, she has her hands on the blue-bound book with the visitors' messages.
    TAKERU: "What are you doing out here?"
    HIKARI: "I know what's going to happen, Takeru. When I overheard all of it, with you and Hagami, I thought, that was fine, I'd be fine. But now, this is it. This is the end of the line for me."
    TAKERU: "I'm a coward. I'm sorry I couldn't tell you the truth to your face."
    HIKARI: "That's alright. When I said I wanted you to be honest with me, I really did mean it back then."
    TAKERU: "You're braver than me."
    HIKARI: "I thought I could handle it, but then, I saw Meiko, and..."
    HIKARI: "Takeru, she was my best friend. I know now she never returned my real feelings, and she never could, but she was still my best friend, and that she's forgotten me... Didn't even mention me tonight in her speech..."
    Hikari opens the book. Inside are a few messages from people that knew her, but Hikari flips to the very first page. The book almost falls out of her scarred and injured hands. But by the candlelight, I can see a smudge of writing and the shape of Hikari's face above it. Then a flash illuminates the page.
    It's filled, top to bottom, two pages, in neat, tight handwriting that I know could only belong to Meiko.
    HIKARI: "She wrote an apology here."
    HIKARI: "She says, she admits her memory is fading... But she's ashamed, that when I needed her the most, and the time I was least certain of myself, that she turned me away."
    HIKARI: "Beyond that... She's not willing to remember. Or can't remember. I understand, if Hagami is correct, that I'm to fade from this world."
    HIKARI: "Takeru, I wonder about you."
    HIKARI: "And Hagami, and Mana, and all of you that I met this year. You'll forget me as well."
    TAKERU: "Never."
    HIKARI: "Really, all I wanted to do was watch the fireworks with you. I was robbed of my chance for a happy ending in life, but I didn't think that was too much to ask. Guess not."
    TAKERU: "It's not too late."
    HIKARI: "It is. Hagami was right. I can feel it all slipping away now."
    TAKERU: "Not that. I mean it's not too late to watch the fireworks... Look up."
    As I speak, the sky is filled with crackling blue stars and white streams of fire.
    HIKARI: "Ha. You're missing the point completely, Takeru, and I have no idea why I'm all worked up that you won't remember me."
    HIKARI: "I'll take your advice though."
    The sky turns white and I can see her face next to mine, eyes skyward. As she watches the afterimages of the sparks above the trees, her expression turns from a frown into something introspective, neutral, as if gazing a hundred miles into the distance.
    HIKARI: "Then take my hand, Takeru."
    TAKERU: "What?"
    She's making fun of me.
    HIKARI: "Just look up, watch the fireworks, and do it."
    I look upwards. A shower of purple streams shoots up, then three white stars one after the other. Like an idiot, I stick my arm out and open my hand.
    TAKERU: "Hikari..."
    HIKARI: "Just watch."
    To my amazement, I can feel something. Human warmth. Clumsily, slowly... Her fingers close around mine. It could only be Hikari, next to me, staring up into the illuminated night sky.
    I feel each second tick past but it could never be long enough. With us both silent, the muffled music from the stage in the distance is audible, broken by the periodic bursting roar of fireworks and crackle of explosions in the sky.
    There are more streamers, then balls of white orange. With each firework, the hills and mountains around Mirako jump into contrast with the black of the dark beyond.
    I want to turn to face her. But Hikari is transfixed, and I don't dare look straight at her.
    TAKERU: "I see why you were looking forward to this."
    HIKARI: "It really is a beautiful world."
    Sparkling blues, then four showers of sparks, lingering white dots suspended for ages like stars...
    It must be the finally. The background track from the stage speakers is drawing to a close, and the sky is lit in violet, red, violet, orange, cascading one after the other.
    Finally, the music stops. One last boom echoes around the valley and a sphere of white hangs in the air.
    It really is amazing. But if I admit to myself, it's really her by my side that holds my attention. Her presence, her warmth...
    Warmth?
    It's gone.
    Just like that day in the tearoom, I'm left holding nothing.
    When I turn, of course... There is no Hikari.
    The blue book is closed. The candles wave in the still air, a glow just bright enough to see the shrine and the orange and green chess set, still missing a lone knight.
    Missing...
    The hair on my arms raises, a response to something beyond my comprehension.
    I'm not sure if I fall over or sit, but I'm cross-legged on the ground now. The sound of the last firework keeps bounding around my skull, then settles lower, somewhere in my chest. Then it just subsides into my heartbeat.
    I know it, I just know it, that this time she hasn't disappeared so she can listen, or vanished to screw with me. I look at my open palm. There's a finality written there, so clear to me that all I can do is screw up my eyes and sit here on this path.
    Hikari, I pray your last memory was a happy one. And I don't care if you forget me, but I'll always remember you.
    
    NATSUMI: "On the count of three. One, two..."
    NATSUMI: "Come on, Takeru, at least pretend to be paying attention. We'll be here all night at this rate."
    We're two of maybe twenty students milling around the gym, collapsing tables and taking down signs. When the festival started, I thought this place looked cheery with all the flags and posters in here, but now, half-disassembled, it's just depressing.
    TAKERU: "Sorry. I got distracted again."
    NATSUMI: "No kidding. I think you're intentionally trying to break my back. Still mad at me for winning all the clocks, eh?"
    TAKERU: "No, it's fine..."
    NATSUMI: "Kenta and Mana will be wondering what happened to us. They went down to the workshop like ten minutes ago. They should be back by now! Did they fall down the stairs or something?"
    TAKERU: "Maybe."
    Natsumi drops her half of the grandfather with a dull sound that probably disturbed some of Kenta's beloved clockwork.
    NATSUMI: "Okay, Takeru. First you run off during the fireworks and now you won't even laugh at my jokes. And I'm pretty damn funny, when I'm trying. So what's eating you?"
    TAKERU: "Not much."
    NATSUMI: "Now you're the one trying to be funny. Seriously, what's up?"
    TAKERU: "Do you remember the girl you met today with all the carvings displayed? Hikari?"
    NATSUMI: "No. I do remember you promising to head to the hobby shop tomorrow to buy Kenta that carving knife though. You can't be dreading an afternoon with Kenta that much."
    TAKERU: "I didn't think you'd remember..."
    NATSUMI: "Are you feeling alright? You're supposed to feel all optimistic and inspired after the Mirako fireworks, not mopey and slow."
    NATSUMI: "Did you try to confess and get rejected or something? I guess Meiko's playing hard to get. Or maybe it was - "
    TAKERU: "Oh stop kidding around."
    NATSUMI: "Man. Then this really must be something serious."
    NATSUMI: "Here's the deal, Takeru. You're excused from moving my winnings... For now. Come on back tomorrow and let's get this done. You can tell Mana and Kenta we're done for the night too."
    NATSUMI: "I don't know what your problem is but uh... You're kind of getting me down. Listen I know I've been a bit of a jerk to you once in a while but if I can help, let me know what's up."
    TAKERU: "Right."
    NATSUMI: "You're surprisingly hard to crack for a guy with heartbreak written all over his face. Okay, good night, Takeru. Bring gloves tomorrow, and a maybe a back brace. We got furniture to move."
    TAKERU: "See you tomorrow."
    Natsumi waves goodbye, flashes a sheepish grin, then heads for the door. I'm left to sit on a table and try to pull myself together.
    After I managed to work myself away from Hikari's shrine I was a bit of a wreck, but I managed to get myself back here at least. Natsumi and Mana showed up, and I guess Hagami went home. Somehow Natsumi recruited Mana to haul back her winnings, but they're probably down in the basement by now.
    Most of the students left in the gym now are packing up valuables, or else they're student council members tasked with taking down the decorations set up by the school. It's distinctly unfestive and watching the festival crumble away is depressing.
    I can't really say I'm depressed myself. More confused. It feels like something hot keeps stinging me from back behind my stomach, but I can keep it down. My mind is racing and I can't be bothered to deal with Natsumi.
    Students filter out out of the gym. We don't have to have everything cleaned up until tomorrow, so it looks like most people are heading home for the night.
    I wonder how many of them remember Hikari as a student. And how many remember her now, as a ghost? A ghost, or... something else? Someone in my mind?
    My hand clenches and unclenches. I definitely felt her. She was real, and I can't forget. It was a stupid, meaningless promise and sitting here under the fluorescent lights the more I feel like an idiot for letting her slip away.
    Sitting around seems offensive. Doing nothing feels irreverent when I've just witnessed... Something. Enough of a something that it's idiotic for me to sit here pretending nothing important happened. I'm about to scream.
    Natsumi doesn't remember anything. Kenta and Mana are too oblivious to notice anything wrong. Hagami ran home almost as soon as the fireworks ended. Even if I wanted to explain this whole thing to someone, there's no one left that I can -
    Meiko?
    I haven't seen her... I assumed she was still out at the field, working to take down the stage, but...
    I wonder...
    
    Exiting the gym, I'm struck by a chill in the night air. I was here only an hour or two ago and everything felt so alive, but now the path is empty, the booths are gone.
    All but one. To my surprise, there are still two shadows flickering in the distance.
    For a moment it feels like someone punched me in the gut. I don't want to go back there, but there's no place left to go.
    Then I hear it. Or, I hear something. Voices? No, a single voice, saying... Saying nothing. Just a wordless, wracking breathing, somewhere between a sobbing and panting. It's an ugly noise. When I approach, it muffles and stifles.
    There's someone at the shrine.
    TAKERU: "Hikari?"
    ...but only for a second do I mistake that person for her. It's only Meiko standing there, gritting her teeth in the candlelight.
    MEIKO: "Takeru?"
    TAKERU: "Sorry. I thought - "
    MEIKO: "What on earth are you doing here?"
    TAKERU: "I... I just wondered where you were."
    It's the easiest lie I can come up with. Meiko doesn't look in any state to listen to my ravings about her former best friend who may or may not have just vanished before my eyes.
    MEIKO: "Why did you sign it?"
    TAKERU: "What?"
    MEIKO: "I put out the book for everyone to leave their memories of their time with her, and... Why did you sign? You couldn't have known her. It's not possible."
    MEIKO: "You knew her name. You knew she would've loved to be here to see the fireworks..."
    TAKERU: "I'm sure she was an amazing person."
    MEIKO: "That's not the half of it. I owe her so much, and then..."
    MEIKO: "I was supposed to give her eulogy today. When we scheduled in our speeches, where the fireworks happened, that's what I wanted to do. Even when we brought back the fireworks... I was supposed to give a speech for her."
    TAKERU: "You mean where you were up there on stage today?"
    MEIKO: "That's right. Why am I even explaining this to you?"
    MEIKO: "Aside from you and me, less than ten people put there names down in this book. Why does no one care? Is it really so painful to remember her that everyone just sort of drifts on?"
    MEIKO: "I wanted to speak up today, and really remember her as she was, and... I couldn't do it. No one wants to hear about her. They want to hear about fireworks, not some student that passed on without us."
    MEIKO: "Why did you convince me to bring back the fireworks in the first place..."
    TAKERU: "You know she would've loved to have seen them."
    MEIKO: "I do."
    TAKERU: "She was watching, from somewhere."
    MEIKO: "You're awfully sure of yourself."
    TAKERU: "Do you think she wanted to hear you talk about her, or do you think she wanted to enjoy the festival and everything that came with it?"
    MEIKO: "I wonder."
    Meiko pulls something out of her pocket. It takes a minute for me to identify it in the poor light, but I see it's a carved and painted piece of wood, cylindrical in shape. That's... It's the missing knight, right?
    She places it on the chessboard, forming a complete set.
    TAKERU: "You had that this whole time?"
    MEIKO: "I had to hold on to something. When you lose someone like that..."
    MEIKO: "I don't know. I felt like I needed something physical that I could hold in my hand, right here, and know she was here. Even if everyone else forgets, just that one little green knight proves that I knew her."
    MEIKO: "She carved this set herself, you know."
    TAKERU: "Right."
    MEIKO: "Maybe it's time I let go."
    MEIKO: "I apologize, you're about the last person I expected out here so I don't know why it's you I'm telling this... I guess no one else in our class really notices her absence that much."
    MEIKO: "Take this."
    TAKERU: "What is it?"
    MEIKO: "A sparkler."
    I notice she has a dozen more in her left hand that she quickly stows in a bag by her side. Was she expecting more people out here at this time of night?
    MEIKO: "These really were her favorite. I hope you're right that she could see the fireworks tonight, from wherever she is."
    She strikes a match, and then with her burning sparkler, lights the one in my hand as well. The sparks burn a bright yellow-white, blinding me to everything but the two points of light in the air.
    MEIKO: "Beautiful, aren't they?"
    TAKERU: "For sure. If she can see right now..."
    MEIKO: "You know, sparklers and fireworks and all that... They're not only supposed to be pretty."
    TAKERU: "Yeah?"
    MEIKO: "They symbolize transience. Everyone and everything passes wistfully, with enough time. There's always an ending."
    TAKERU: "And sometimes the ending is too soon."
    MEIKO: "It's always too soon. I wish I could've introduced you two... That she's not standing here, right now, can only be... I don't know, some random act of divine cruelty."
    Meiko drops her sparkler. Before I can shout, she stamps on it, extinguishing the sparks shooting from the tip.
    TAKERU: "What - "
    MEIKO: "Always too soon..."
    MEIKO: "Takeru, I really appreciate that you came out tonight and signed the book and all, but this really is something I think I have to deal with on my own. Goodnight."
    Just like that, she's gone. There are a few scuffles as she trudges down the path, but Meiko is gone. I'm left holding my half burned sparkler, wondering what she meant.
    It's funny. When I was a kid, I would be swinging this thing around, drawing patterns with the afterimage. Now all I can do is stare at the white tip as the sparks burn into my vision.
    Another half minute passes before the sparkler burns out completely. All that remains is the metal rod gripped in my shaking hand. The illusory whiteness is still on my retinas and I've completely lost my nightvision.
    When my eyes adjust, I notice one of the shrine candles has gone out. The one remaining candle casts crazy shadows over the chessboard, each piece with its own dancing outline.
    Seeing all the pieces together there for once, without a thimble for a knight, brings me some resolution, as if even though I've made a horrible mistake, it was all destined to happen anyway.
    Bit my bit, my night vision returns. The shrine comes into focus, and the school-issue table as well. I could probably follow the path back now. I'm about to turn when I see...
    Something.
    No, it has to be a someone. My heartrate doubles in two seconds flat.
    It could be no one good out here, no one natural. Appearing in the middle of the night...
    Aha. Somewhere I felt it. I knew it, I knew it beforehand, but this person is a her. Not just a her, it's her, her.
    TAKERU: "Hikari!"
    She frowns. Hidden in the woods, with only the candle for light, her figure is dark, but it's her. My intuition has never been this strong.
    TAKERU: "Hikari! It's you!"
    HIKARI: "I hung on."
    TAKERU: "Hey! Hikari! I'm coming over there."
    HIKARI: "Stay. I don't really... You're very vague, whoever you are."
    TAKERU: "I'm Takeru. I know you said that - "
    HIKARI: "I didn't give up. I was robbed in my time here, and... I know there was something here that I wanted to do, but the fog..."
    HIKARI: "You're Takeru."
    TAKERU: "Right!"
    She's off in the trees. I race off the path, but I can't seem to reach her.
    HIKARI: "I'll be back. Count on it."
    My foot catches an exposed root, and the air vacates my lungs as I slam into the ground. It's nothing. I rise to my feet, panting, but there's no one there. All I can see is the pinprick of a candle ten feet behind me.
    It doesn't matter though. I'm still giddy. I know she's back.
    Hikari is back.
    There are second chances, and Hikari is back.
