    Silence.
    TAKERU: "Sorry. Meiko said it was suicide. I shouldn't - "
    HIKARI: "I never killed myself. I'm too much of a coward for that. How everyone thought I'd committed suicide is a mystery. I would never."
    TAKERU: "Then why - "
    HIKARI: "A stupid mistake. Stupid, dumb, imbecilic, moronic, just..."
    HIKARI: "I truly hate the girl I was back then. In some sense I'm still her. A year of living in the dark turned me into a realist instead, instead of someone who could die like that, and everyone would still call it a suicide."
    I'm still confused.
    HIKARI: "I highly doubt you care about this. My apologies."
    HIKARI: "Alright. I'll go through the whole thing. I tried to tell you before but I backed out. I'm ashamed to tell you this but you're right, I owe it to you. Are you ready?"
    TAKERU: "I think so."
    She tried to tell me before?
    Oh.
    Right, that'd make sense. There was that fire.
    When was that? Almost a year ago. Festival night -
    
    I'm not really sure where I am. Walking down the road from Mirako? When was this?
    Right, almost a year ago. The festival night. There are maybe two dozen students around me, all laughing, talking, following the road from Mirako down to the bridge over the Shizukawa.
    There's some chattering, nervousness. Is the festival over? That seems the case. This must be the very tail end, late at night.
    I'm still trying to get my bearings when someone elbows me in the ribs.
    NATSUMI: "Hey! What do you think she's got planned?"
    TAKERU: "Ah! Er, sorry. What was that?"
    That's clearly a younger Natsumi.
    NATSUMI: "Hikari! I mean she's planning something right? Why else tell us to all show up here?"
    TAKERU: "Hikari?"
    NATSUMI: "You were invited right?"
    Someone opposite Natsumi snickers, unseen in the dark.
    NATSUMI: "Yeah who knows what's up. If it's Hikari it's probably going to be some stunt. It's sort of like a car wreck, you know what I mean?"
    TAKERU: "No?"
    NATSUMI: "You just can't look away."
    MEIKO: "Shush. Don't you think you're being a bit - "
    NATSUMI: "Meiko! You're here too. Well I guess of course you are, but..."
    NATSUMI: "How was the festival? What did you think? All the displays? And the performances and everything? Bet you're wishing you joined a club now, eh?"
    MEIKO: "Hm... Not really."
    NATSUMI: "The best part's still coming though. Everyone says the fireworks are the best part. Hands down."
    NATSUMI: "Who'd have thought, a tiny town like this, with its own legit fireworks show? Hard to believe. So you know who you're gonna watch them with?"
    MEIKO: "Well... No. Not with you guys?"
    NATSUMI: "This the Mirako School Festival Fireworks we're talking about! This is supposed to be about romance! Excitement!"
    NATSUMI: "If I'm stuck with you guys that's just a little lame. No offense Meiko. Much offense at you though, Takeru. You're the least romantic person I know."
    TAKERU: "Hey don't drag me into this. I'm still trying to figure out - "
    NATSUMI: "I'm kidding, I'm kidding. When the fireworks start up, well..."
    Natsumi thwomps me in the shoulder.
    NATSUMI: "You've got to have plans. Yeah?"
    TAKERU: "What? I - "
    NATSUMI: "Come on, you can confess to your pal Natsumi."
    TAKERU: "Go away, you're terrible."
    NATSUMI: "See, you guys don't take this thing seriously enough. It's the Mirako fireworks. This is the biggest event of the year!"
    I'm having trouble not getting drawn into the mood. That's the whole sense as all of us walk to the river: sort of an intoxicated, unstable energy. Unsure what's the come, eager to find out, tinged with a hint of tension.
    Can't say I've felt that before. Which is odd considering this is my memory.
    Or... No, it can't be my memory, can it? This time last year I would have to be far away, at Tohoku High, in the first year training camp.
    But no, I'm here, now, the Mirako festival, trying to decide what our classmate Hikari invited us all here for, the hour before fireworks are scheduled to begin up on the hill.
    NATSUMI: "It's gonna be a speech. She's gonna give a speech."
    MEIKO: "I can't see it."
    NATSUMI: "Okay, okay, let's call it a lecture. She'll call out all us dirty peasants for fouling up Mirako in our first year."
    MEIKO: "Don't joke. I'm kind of worried."
    NATSUMI: "It's Hikari. She's harmless."
    TAKERU: "Er... I'm still not really sure what's going on."
    NATSUMI: "Aha! I knew it! Takeru's too much of a shutin to get an invite to Madame Hikari's Exclusive Class Event."
    NATSUMI: "Come on, you have to tell me, Meiko. What's going to happen? She must've told you. You're - "
    MEIKO: "I don't know. That's why I said I'm kind of worried."
    TAKERU: "Hikari..."
    We're at the bridge now. I sort of remember this next part. The floating words, the unheard conversations on either side of me...
    Down the river, if I squint, I can just catch the outline of a building out there, silhouetted in the moonlight.
    The eyes on my right, in my memory of this moment -
    Those were Meiko's? I glance to my side. It's her. Somber. Some expression I can't begin -
    Then the BOOM.
    A sound loud enough that I can feel it in my ribcage.
    Cheers, shouts. Inarticulate.
    I look up, expecting to see flowers in the sky. But another BOOM and my vision is consumed by a white flash.
    In quick succession, explosions, white, white, red, white -- but all at ground level. Shouldn't this be happening a thousand feet up? Instead the light comes from eye-level, down river.
    And after the first wave, after the confused whispers and gasps around me (and a slackjawed silence from Natsumi) (and I can't find Meiko - )
    After that, there's finally the fireworks. Not like a professional show. Like someone's detonated the surplus. There are half-flowers, quarter-cartwheels, shadows of pinwheels, indiscriminate color coming from the sky above the river.
    Just as quickly it ends in silence. A few moments later... confused voices around me. A faint red downriver. Red? No, more like a flickering orange -
    Oh.
    This is what I remember.
    
    menu:
    
        "It's only a minute until the boathouse goes up in flames. I've got to get down there."
            NATSUMI: "Takeru? Where are you going?"
            TAKERU: "Sorry. I've got - "
            I don't even bother taking the time to explain to her. Who cares about Natsumi?
            All I know is this is the night I've seen before, dreaming, or in a false memory, or -
            Who cares.
            The relevant point is that in a minute that boathouse will be so consumed by fire that it'll light the river red.
            And I understand somehow that... Hikari said...
            Meiko told me it was suicide.
            Was it tonight?
            Was it really like this?
            Regardless, my response is instinctual. I have to make it down there in time. That's where she is, right? Hikari?
            I trip immediately.
            Something on my face is bleeding. Above my eye? But it feels like I've damaged my nose as well but I don't particularly care. I have to make it down there in time. (In time for what?)
            I try to follow the path. But I've only been down here once before, and the path was difficult enough then. On Hagami's ghosthunt, trying to follow the switchbacks, as the trail veers away from the river, then back again...
            It's nonsensical. Hagami doesn't come here until almost a year from now. So how am I using the info I picked up following her down this trail to follow it... now... almost a year before even I have actually come to - 
            Ow.
            Tripped again, by some stray root. This time I slip and it's only by grabbing at the earth at the last second that I avoid slipping into the water.
            Water...
            I've been running for too long. This path was always a nightmare. Didn't it take almost an hour, walking speed, to reach the boathouse from here?
            I pull myself from the riverbank, panting.
            And spot something.
        
        "I can't remember what happens next."
            It's like I'm frozen. Could I move even if I wanted to?
            NATSUMI: "Ahaha! Takeru! Takeru did you see that?"
            TAKERU: "How could I miss it?"
            NATSUMI: "She really did steal all those. I didn't believe her. But she's doing it!"
            NATSUMI: "Ahaha! Damn! That takes some guts! What a legend."
            And the explosions continue.
            They're just that. Explosions. Not even fireworks at this point, just random mishmashes of light and color. Natsumi fades out, and it's only Meiko left next to me.
            I glance her way.
            There's no color in her face. It might be that I can't see her in the dark, and only in the periodic bursts of light can I see the river and the boathouse and the sky reflected for a moment in her eyes...
            But I thought I saw something warp. A tear?
            No, too red for -
            No, my memory wasn't fooling me after all. This is now. The fire.
            A red blaze over the Shizukawa. Fire in the sky, fire on the water.
            If there was ever a human in the boathouse, they're now being roasted alive.
            There are some cheers from the bridge, some gasps, some muttering. I don't care. It fades. The only person next to me is Meiko and I watch the entire scene through a reflection.
            She's staring at... something.
            
    It's a something on the water.
    It floats.
    Funny. There's a Takeru standing there, dumbstruck, whose brain takes an instant to process this foreign body, and a Takeru that's me, reflecting on this night a year later.
    Both of us feel that our heart has fallen somewhere south, fast, past the stomach straight to the dirt.
    There's another reflection out there on the water from strange, staring eyes. A familiar face, an unfamiliar expression.
    She hovers there on the water. Outstretched arms.
    Both copies of me recognize Hikari for what she is, in truth. A body, floating on the water.
    Whatever life she led is over now.
    There's not anything for it.
    I remember this night because it's the night Hikari died. And this is her memory. To which I am only a spectator, and I can only sit here and take in the tragedy.
    
    Sit here and...
    Oh.
    Right, I'm trapped somewhere in the inpatient wing of the psychiatric clinic a few hours out from Mirako. Face to face with Hikari, a someone or ex-someone who's just finished telling me about the night she concluded floating face-up in the river Shizukawa.
    HIKARI: "They assumed it was suicide."
    TAKERU: "Hang on. Go back. I think I missed half of..."
    HIKARI: "Were you paying attention?"
    TAKERU: "No, I was, I just..."
    I just... what? Can't help but seeing these terrible things from the perspective of memories?
    HIKARI: "I wanted to put on a private show, so I stole what I could from the Mirako basement. It wasn't hard. The company the school contracted out for the fireworks left pretty much their whole supply in the basement."
    HIKARI: "So I took what I could, brought it to the boathouse, and..."
    TAKERU: "I'm sorry. I still don't get it."

    
    
    
    
    
    
    TAKERU: "Hang on, I've got a plan."
    This plan relies almost entirely on my being a bit taller, a bit more manly, a bit more manly, and a bit more "traditional kid" than Meiko.
    ...which is ridiculous considered how much of a obvious failure I am compared to her, but maybe it'll be enough to foil whatever old geezer is holed up in this shrine.
    MEIKO: "A plan?"
    TAKERU: "I'll go in first."
    ...
    It's a stupid, plan, really.

    Meiko walks behind me.
    Trying not to give her any attention, I walk to the nearest bulding. Even if I have no idea what I'm doing, maybe if I walk with my head high enough, with my hands behind my back, bluffing as I must know how...
    Maybe these backwards paperpushers and biased townspeople would be more inclined to listen to someone like me, than to someone like Meiko, strange as it seems.
    Especially if Meiko is about twice as smart as me and three times as good as presenting herself.
    But I have to do something, right?
    
    
    
    
    TAKERU: "Er... Hello."
    SECRETARY: "Yes, hello."
    SECRETARY: "How may I help you?"
    TAKERU: "Um, er, hello."
    
    TAKERU: "I'm from the um, er..."
    MEIKO: "You're from the student council."
    TAKERU: "Yes hello, my name is Takeru Ichiro."
    TAKERU: "I'm president of the Mirako School student council and I've been authorized to negotiate with you on behalf of my executive vice president, Kotaru Meiko."
    SECRETARY: "You're from the Mirako school?"
    TAKERU: "The Mirako school is the most important source of out-of-town culture for Shizukawa."
    TAKERU: "Isn't it?"
    SECRECTARY: "I'm not sure what you mean?"
    MEIKO: "Hint that..."
    TAKERU: "Of course the Mirako school..."
    TAKERU "Hang on, hint what?"
    SECRETARY: "Hang what?"
    MEKIO: "Hang... I mean..."
    MEIKO: "This is the single most important time of the year."
    
    
    
    
    TAKERU: "Don't feel like you have to pity me or anything."
    HIKARI: "You should tell me what's up. Whatever is happening at Mirako, you should let me know. Did you not hear that?"
    TAKERU: "I don't exactly lead the most interesting life around here."
    HIKARI: "That's what makes it interesting to me."
    HIKARI: "It... Sometimes it's hard for me to really understand what's going on with all of you in Mirako second year. Most of the time I want to give up trying to work it all out."
    HIKARI: "But sometimes I can relate to you, as a new student, and it makes me still interested in all the small gossip and drama you all go through. As a high school girl, it's healthy for that to be the sort of thing I'm into, isn't it?"
    TAKERU: "Hell if I know..."
    HIKARI: "Then I'm deciding that it's healthy. Queen, A2."
    TAKERU: "Hang on, wait, if you move your queen then that means that I..."
    TAKERU: "I'm taking that move back as well."
    HIKARI: "Too late. If you want to stay out of checkmate, then you're explaining to me what's going on between you and Hagami."
    
    
    
    KUNIDA: "Ahem. Excuse me. The votes are all tallied and I'm happy to announce that your class representative for this year will be Kotaru Meiko. Please congratulate her and the rest of the candidates."
    There's some scattered applause, but Meiko has a blank look as she stands. Weird. It's Meiko, of course she would be expecting to win an election for class rep, so why does she look so surprised? Is that... not the strangest thing here?
    But with only a flicker she reverts to the Meiko I know - collected, friendly.
    MEIKO: "Hey everyone."
    MEIKO: "Thanks for supporting me, and I'll be sure to support you as well. I know you all must be as stressed as I am starting at a new high school, for most of us far away from home."
    MEIKO: "So don't hesitate to come to me if you need advice or a an ear or a shoulder. I'll try to become someone you can rely on. So thanks again, everyone."
    She bows, to more applause. Kunida says something or other, but I'm not really paying attention. Meiko is headed my way. I feel like I should say something, but Natsumi intercepts her.





When I wake up, beyond the window it's still black.
I can see out over the river, placid, black.
It's so late I'm not sure whether this hour belongs to today or yesterday or some other system of time altogether.
All I know is that the river is completely still.
I'm walking the route to Mirako. The silent road through town. The bend around the corner cafe.
The bridge comes into sight, spanning to the forested hill opposite, where Mirako stands on the slope.
There are no streetlights. It's hard to tell if it's really the moon lighting up the night because the sky is one complete shroud of mist, with light filtered through the clouds, and reflecting off the surface of the water.
Perfectly still water.
Someone's watching me.
At first I think they must be at the end of the bridge but there's no one there.
I'm acutely aware of every breath I take, every hair on the back of my arms, of a deep suspicion that nothing but me is moving.
There is movement, somewhere, though. The water flickers. Like it's reflecting a fire.
But I can't trace whatever causes those lights and now that I look again they're gone.
No, the source, the watcher, is downriver, half hidden by trees, in a black ruin standing on the riverside.
There's the light. No, two yellow points. Watching me.

