label day01:

    My name is Ichiro Takeru.
    This is the story of my time at the Mirako School for Special Circumstances.
    It is a real story, in the sense that what follows is what I remember, as best as I can remember.
    Then again:
    If on some days I have two or three memories of the same event, and on others, no memory at all...
    I believe that reality changes as I perceive events.
    I have also been told that this is a delusion.
    All I can say is... This is what I remember, as best as I can remember.
    
    TAKERU: "Ahh!"
    I wake up. But my heartrate won't go down.
    It's like there's a siren in the back-left of my head even though I'm sitting upright and my eyes shooting all over trying to find whoever's voice that was, echoing the hospital room.
    Hospital... room?
    TAKERU: "Oh. It was some stupid dream. Was I falling?"
    It's supposed to be a common dream. You fall. You wake up. So I try to get it together and find my composure. I'm not supposed to be the sort of person who gets rattled by that sort of thing, or rattled by anything, for that matter.
    I am Ichiro Takeru. Level-headed. Calm. I can't be shaken. That's me, so I take two seconds, one deep breath, wipe the sweat off my head, and get my bearings.
    TAKERU: "This stupid place..."
    It's not a hospital room, per se. More a psychiatric clinic. To confirm, right on cue, as the sun rises, the woman across the hall starts screaming.
    Every other day this week I've been up before dawn because of that lady. Maybe now I'm just used to it.
    By far the worst part of this ward is the other people here. My room is decent enough, well-lit and with a TV where I could catch spring traning games if I wanted. 
    But if I can help it, I never leave. The only people here are people with a few screws loose, or who I suspect never had any screws to begin with, like that woman who insists on being a human alarm clock to half the wing.
    Finally she stops shrieking, and I stand up.
    My schedule is sparse today. My usual shrink is out of town on holiday. The only person I have to deal with today is a Mr. Kunida, some out-of-towner that no one has mentioned before. There's a couple hours to kill before then.
    I try to go back to sleep but it's pointless -- I'm still trapped in here. I guess if I really wanted to I could leave the clinic, but then, where would I go?
    There's a postcard on my nightstand. On the front is a photo of Tohoku Highschool, best baseball school in the country, top placings at the national championship, most scouted by the majors, etc etc. I'm a student there but all they sent was this glossy postcard with a photo on the front and a form greeting on the back.
    TAKERU: "'Wishing you the best from Tohoku Highschool! You'll be back on the field in no time!'"
    TAKERU: "Yeah right."
    It's the stock card they send everyone with a sports injury. I've seen over a dozen of these things, signed them all as well. The one I'm holding though doesn't even have the principal's stamp on it. How long ago was it when Furukawa broke his arm and we all doodled ourselves on his card, and came and visited him the hospital, too?
    No one's visited me. Not even my parents, after the first week. Probably it's easier to say you have a baseball prodigy for a son, as opposed to... whatever I am now. Less than an insect.
    
    