label day00:

    I ran.
    Beyond the school, beyond the field, beyond the reach of the shouting voices that echoed behind me in confusion and fear --
    I ran because that vague idea of "someone" was chasing, the people that had kept me chained in the Mirako school for these three months and whom I expected to at any moment grab my shoulders from behind, throw me to the ground, and beat and kick and thrash me.
    So I ran and ran and ran out of the field, down the trail, through the woods, to the river, and finally there I stopped.
    TAKERU: "Ha... Ha..."
    My breathing was harsh but I knew I had more in me. The real problem was the pounding in my heart (in my head?) moving THUMP THUMP THUMP and threatening to overtake the crash and roar of the river before me.
    The Shizukawa... It's an ironic name. The water is loud, even in clear weather. The entire thing gurgles and coughs mist high into the air.
    I can't remember if it's been stormy the past few days (I want to say thunderstorms, it has to be thunderstorms?) but, regardless, the damn thing is loud, and luckily loud enough to camoflauge that horrible pounding in my head.
    So I cross to the middle of the river, and admire the scenery.
    This is the old railway bridge. The newer auto/pedestrian bridge is further back down the road, but all the students at the Mirako dorm take this shortcut... even though the rail bridge hasn't been used in thirty years and the only thing between the students and the forty foot drop into the Shizukawa is a single-post wood railing.
    That's the railing I'm sitting on right now, facing out towards the river. All the chaos of Mirako, the Mirako festival, my pursuers, my persecutors... That's all behind me. The only thing in front of me is THAT, the giant flaming shell hanging over the river.
    TAKERU: "It's kind of beautiful from here."
    It can't be more than half a mile downriver, but now that the old building is breathing its last, the popping of wood and the hissing of cinders is audible all the way from here as the wreck slowly sinks down the riverbank.
    Of course... I'm the reason it all ended up this way.
    TAKERU: "...Ha."
    And so I sit. 
    Wonder if the school's on fire too? Should be. Right?
    With the chaos of my old life behind me (by chaos I mean: muffled screams, maybe a siren, a hundred panicked voices, the rush of a stampede) and before, me... A ruin to be. Ruins. The river a surge of noise below, the building a tower of flame above.
    
    I've caught my breath but I don't take my eyes off the fire downriver. But I don't need my eyes to tell me there's someone coming down the bridge. It makes sense -- probably some student from my dorm running home after this disaster of a festival.
    I wonder if they'll even notice me here on the railing. But the footsteps stop. Directly behind me. I don't need to turn my head.
    TAKERU: "You're here."
    ????: "Wh - "
    Of course it's her. Who else would run this far, that hard? The first of my pursuers. And still I stare straight ahead.
    TAKERU: "Hey, Meiko."
    MEIKO: "Takeru! It is you. Why? Why did you - "
    Two impacts. First my right side, then my left. Her hands are on my shoulders.
    TAKERU: "What're you going to do? Push me in?"
    MEIKO: "I could. You think I won't? I don't know if you'd die right away from this far up, but... You wouldn't be the first to drown in the Shizukawa."
    TAKERU: "Meiko..."
    Even with her hands on my shoulders, she's standing almost at my side. When I twist my head, I watch her eyebrows, the corner of her mouth, and the way the flames are reflected in her watery eyes with each blink. It's obvious.
    TAKERU: "You're lying. You won't push me and you never could."
    It's almost too boring.
    MEIKO: "Takeru! Why?"
    What she wants me to do is turn around. And so I do, and Meiko switches her grip, her right arm on my left shoulder, left arm on my right, face to face.
    Behind me, can she see it burning?
    MEIKO: "You've won. I give up. I just have to know..."
    MEIKO: "What did I do to make you hate me so much? You've won already! Just tell me why!"
    Her eyes flicker back and forth. An honest question.
    TAKERU: "I didn't win."
    TAKERU: "You and your people chased me all the way out here. I'm sure everyone thinks I'm crazy now. There's definitely no way I can go back to the Mirako school. Probably they'd put me straight in an institution."
    TAKERU: "It's probably... Stalemate. A tie isn't too bad a result."
    MEIKO: "Takeru! You need to tell me. How long have you been planning this? Was this whole thing revenge? Do you really hate me that much?"
    MEIKO: "And if you don't think I won't push you off this bridge, right here... You don't know know anything about me. Nothing! Not the first thing!"
    But Meiko slips forward. She doesn't have a grip on me anymore, just her arms around my shoulders, her face an inch from mine.
    Just a breath between her and me.
    And it's more clear to me now than ever, in those eyes of hers, she's blinking a hundred times a second just to ward off tears.
    She doesn't have it in her. I could taunt her for a thousand years and she'd run away into the night a million times before I wound up in the water.
    And even though that's clear to me in this space between her eyes and mine... for some reason it's me that looks away.
    And Meiko takes off towards the dorms without as much as a glance back.
    TAKERU: "Stalemate."
    I'm not sure why it seems such a funny word. There are more people passing by me on the bridge now, ignoring me hunched on the railing as I watch over them. Can they see me? I wonder. They're only shadows. I know behind me as the flames billow off that burning wreck my silhouette must be pure black in the firelight, but they just panic past, ignoring me.
    There are no pursuers any more. If Meiko gave up... They're gone. I should be invisible.
    
    Which is why it surprises me when a male student I know stops beside me.
    KENTA: "Good evening."
    TAKERU: "Oh. It's Kenta. Hey."
    KENTA: "Good evening. If you sit there you'll fall."
    TAKERU: "I'll be fine."
    KENTA: "You'll fall."
    KENTA: "I assume you don't want to fall. Why would anyone want to do that?"
    TAKERU: "Beats me."
    KENTA: "I'll be back at the dorm. Don't stay out past curfew."
    And he keeps walking, with the rest of them.
    My roommate, Kenta. It's always been easy to lie to him because there isn't a bone in his body tuned for mistrust.
    Why would anyone want to fall and die? I don't think Kenta was wired to understand anything.
    
    I thought the footsteps hurrying past had died down. But there's another set that I was expecting.
    It's a pair of footfalls, two people hurrying by who suddenly stop in the darkness.
    Her.
    HAGAMI: "..."
    And her.
    MANA: "Takeru you rat bastard! You donkey's ass! You, you, you...!"
    MANA: "The festival's ruined! I knew you were a weirdo and a pervert and an asshole and a..."
    But Mana doesn't come any closer. She's afraid. She can sit there and shout, with that other girl's hand in hers, but it doesn't stop how scared she is. Fear is a very, very difficult emotion to hide.
    MANA: "You crow's butt! You lizard's leg! You snake's eye! You - "
    There's some distance in time where she keeps swearing at me, and the structure behind me keeps smoking, and her lungs grow tired, and I lose interest in staring at her, and in that time... she moves on.
    This is stalemate, maybe. But the burden is too much for those like her. The weak are used to defeat, and so they see a draw as another defeat, and they run. And so Mana runs.
    There's someone left behind.
    HAGAMI: "..."
    TAKERU: "If you don't have anything to say... Then keep moving. Follow Mana and go back to the dorms. There's nothing here for you."
    HAGAMI: "I.."
    One of the silhouettes passes in front of her.
    Then another, and another.
    By midnight, the last of the students trickle past. The sirens from up on the hill at Mirako are silent now.
    It feels like those few instants vanished in a moment, and when it struck midnight, I felt I had already duelled the forces that opposed me to a standstill.
    I had a feeling, but I turn around to confirm it. For some reason she's still here.
    If this were truly a tie, then I wouldn't still be sitting here unseen to my pursuers, opposed only by this girl so weak she can't even meet my eyes.
    She's staring down the river, towards the dwindling fire. What's wrong, Hagami? Afraid of what I might see in you?
    HAGAMI: "Takeru?"
    TAKERU: "I know you're there. Just go home."
    HAGAMI: "...Was any of that real?"
    TAKERU: "What? The fire? The festival? Of course it's real."
    HAGAMI: "No, I mean... You really did see that person? We spent those two weeks together, and all our time in the supernatural club and before that, we um you know, but... When you said that you, you and me, we... That was just a lie?"
    HAGAMI: "I don't care. If you lied to me it's alright. ...I just want to know the truth."
    HAGAMI: "Takeru?"
    TAKERU: "Sorry. Yeah I don't care about the club or about you or Mana. It was just an excuse. Go home and forget about all of it."
    Something flashes in her eyes and for moment I think she's about to surprise me, call me a liar, and actually say what she means. But...
    HAGAMI: "Ah."
    In the end she just nods, and then she's gone.
    
    Just when I was wondering if that person had left for good, she finally decides to show up.
    The "answer," that girl... She's facing the ruin half a mile down the Shizukawa, while she herself is perched on the rail beside me.
    TAKERU: "'Evening."
    HIKARI: "Oh, you've decided to see me. How convenient."
    TAKERU: "I swear I didn't notice you."
    HIKARI: "Well, I was watching. Wasn't that a bit cruel right now? You could've at least told Hagami the truth."
    TAKERU: "That would've been meaner, right? If I'm not around tomorrow it's probably better if she thinks I'm a lying jerk instead of..."
    HIKARI: "Instead of what?"
    HIKARI: "You always do this. Know what you're going to say before you say it. Pick your words first and don't trail off or no one will believe you about anything."
    TAKERU: "Pff..."
    HIKARI: "What are you snickering about?"
    TAKERU: "Does it really matter any more? For one thing, this is you we're talking about. You're the one that taught me all this junk so I can't really use your own tricks on you."
    TAKERU: "And second, who cares? Look where I'm at. I think we both know how this ends."
    HIKARI: "Stalemate."
    There's no one here by now.
    It's well past midnight.
    The sirens are gone, the panic is gone, the footsteps are gone, the fire is gone... All that's left before me is a ruin, smoking in the midsummer's night. And I'm the last witness to a world only visible to me and Her.
    Me and Her. HIKARI.
    HIKARI: "You were convincing tonight. I thought you did alright, even if I don't think you needed to go through all the trouble."
    TAKERU: "If I half-assed it no one would've believed me. This is Mirako we're talking about. Everyone at this school is delusional by definition. Everyone just wants to keep seeing the illusions they always see."
    HIKARI: "You could've led a normal school life. You could've just been Takeru, the ordinary transfer student. Wouldn't that be better, to be a loveable goofball that no one took seriously than... this?"
    TAKERU: "Stop joking around, Hikari. I could never have been a loveable anything."
    HIKARI: "Fair."
    HIKARI: "You're like me, in that sense, you know. You know?"
    We were us, the only two people left, who could see what I now saw before me: a hulking shadow, a wreck over the river now threatening to sink wholesale into the scattered waters.
    Hikari.
    The one person whose face I didn't need to read to know what she was thinking...
    The one person who sat beside me when every other traitor who'd claimed to be my friend ran away...
    The one soul in existence who I'm sure could feel my presence by their side, as I could feel theirs, on this worthless wooden rail that was the only thing keeping us this side of the life-or-death boundary.
    I wondered.
    I wondered and wondered and wondered.
    TAKERU: "Stalemate."
    HIKARI: "You say that. But I'm pretty sure we've lost."
    She who said this, gazing off into the horizon.
    TAKERU: "But nobody else won."
    HIKARI: "Then I guess you're right. Ahh, I can't help it. Ahaha ha... ha..."
    TAKERU: "..?"
    When her laughter dies, one second of silence as we gaze out over the river - 
    HIKARI: "Takeru."
    HIKARI: "If one year ago I'd known that you'd be here..."
    TAKERU: "Hikari!"
    HIKARI: "Too late though."
    It's too late for me to stop her, of course. She's too clever for that. She, who taught me half of what I know about this life, standing up there on the rail, just a profile in black and gray against that smoldering thing -
    HIKARI: "A stalemate is a tie."
    HIKARI: "Who cares who won? A tie is just another word for 'not winning.' You and I have lost this round. I'm not sure where it happened, but I did you wrong..."
    TAKERU: "You're not allowed to say things like that!"
    HIKARI: "It's fine. Isn't it!? Don't you see?"
    She points out to that smoke miles and miles downstream.
    HIKARI: "You see that, right?"
    TAKERU: "Of course I see it."
    HIKARI: "You really do?"
    TAKERU: "..."
    She sits down again next to me, eyes fixed on mine. The only person I've met in so long who can meet my gaze without balking, flinching, grimacing, or turning away like a coward.
    She searches for the truth in my eyes just as I search for the lie in hers. And Hikari is the person who brought me to this cliff. Without her, I would be nothing. So in her, I see an intense mistrust, a suspicion born out an endless stream of people who in turn misunderstood her.
    And the guarded hope behind those eyes... She's the only person I've felt this whole night (lifetime?) that's truly beside me.
    And so we sit side by side, staring out, at the haze and the ruin on the riverside.
    Somewhere, down there, soon it will be dawn. But I don't want to see it.
    HIKARI: "Do you understand me now?"
    TAKERU: "I do."
    HIKARI: "Then you'll come join me?"
    TAKERU: "I will."
    HIKARI: "So do you blame me?"
    TAKERU: "I can't."
    TAKERU: "Even if you weren't here, I think I'd do this all again."
    HIKARI: "Don't flatter me, idiot. Are you being honest?"
    TAKERU: "Obviously."
    HIKARI: "Just hearing that once is enough for a lifetime. Maybe even two."
    HIKARI: "Then, last question..."
    HIKARI: "Takeru... Just who am I? What am I to you?"
    She says that with faraway eyes that should be right next to mine. But instead she's tumbling, head over heel over head straight into the roaring river below and it's only in retrospect that I realize --
    Hikari has fallen backwards.
    And I can never read those eyes, soaring away from mine, even in these last moments.
    She's a mystery. She'll always be a mystery, because, she's gone now. Forever.
    And in those few eternal moments where I can still see the afterimage of the pupils locked in mine on that cursed bridge over the Shizukawa, that's when I fully understand the girl I knew as Hikari, now plummeting towards the rapids --
    It's a hopelessness. But also a longing.
    It's an understanding that I share now too. That even the most lost of souls among us has at least one twin star out there in the infinite universe, and, that my one twin is falling away, further than I can ever reach her.
    So when I myself bend over backwards, downwards -
    I hear her voice in my mind. Worthless reverberations of some worthless words.
    What am I to her? What am I at all? To anyone?
    Nothing, probably?
    TAKERU: "Absolutely nothing! Ahahaha!"
    So I can't help but laugh as I pitch off the rail and just keep laughing at that absurdity in what must be my final half second.
    I am nothing, to no one. That's who I am. A failure that managed to stalemate with nobody.
    It's a miracle why that in that moment all those memories played out in front of me. So close that if I reached out and tried, I could change them.
    So in what should've been my last second... I saw something: things, places, times, people, that I'm sure I had seen before. And I'm sure if I had chosen differently, if I had known this was the end in store for me...
    Maybe I'd have chosen differently. There's this blank-eyed Takeru, tumbling over and over into death, the throwaway chess piece, sacrificed, who meant nothing to nobody...
    But there is also a stranger I glimpsed beyond the veil, a "me" who...
    ...a me who something, something, was someting, did something, something I couldn't grasp, and it all fell away with a sound, a terrific, TERRIFIC terrifying last-second-of-my-life last-gasp-of-air last-hairsbreadth-instant -
    Then I remembered.
    